one Donna we're live mmm so good to see
you okay this is not the corporate
people expect the week off Darnell has
not been tested and I have subscribed to
social distancing social dis is but the
new normal the news young can you move
over a little bit the new normal you
know Joe but just I'm protective
possibly protected myself from for me
right to you okay and I love you know
that we have a certain amount of trust
factor but this nineteen shit is kind of
dead and style trustworthy you are how
do you think this is well first of all I
think what's really important for
everybody right now is just strengthen
your music first of all can I tell you
something you know what you look you
lost weight thank you yeah I feel good
thank you
yeah shut up we take that fucking thing
all right where I know my folks don't
give a fuck about yo-yo was he out you
don't give a fuck about no coach well
that's one thing is like eating well he
eat healthy take vitamins this way you
need take for sure vitamin C large doses
of vitamin C vitamin D and zinc those
are very important right now
right and just focus you rock does it
isn't zinc aphrodisiac yes it's good for
low so you can get your music some up
and get everything that's all connected
to your body being healthy you know the
more vital your body is the more
vitality you have right you know the
more your everything's gonna work better
your hormones your immune system
everything so those are think those are
things that I I recommend everybody but
nobody is thinking about that Joe all
you got to that's nobody said you you
have to but nobody is thinking about
that like everybody everybody is like so
afraid
Coffee to Kobe Kobe but I personally
think that you should be more afraid of
catching a coal in the flu didn't get in
Co v.19 I think you should be afraid of
Kovac 19 but you should also be afraid
of catching the flu right you know those
all all that's bad oh it's bad you know
it's not good to be sick
but when you when you protect your
immune system and keep your body healthy
and strong it it definitely it's like
you have troops all right you got to
think of the virus is like an invading
army well there's all these viruses and
apparently that Lex Friedman quote what
was it how many different viruses are
there hundreds of thousands that are
constantly competing like he was
describing it there's this genius
Russian scientist that I have on the
particle II the co V virus was talking
about the world war out there viruses
but when I hear in and when it comes to
a being a world war I've heard that it's
cozy the nice guy wrote there's three
hundred twenty thousand plus distinct
viruses and mammals and a hundred
million in vertebrates invertebrates and
plants there's an epic microscopic world
war going on all around us and inside us
nature is beautiful and terrifying and
then so why is this why is this one
getting the headlines that's the case
well it's called it's a novel
coronavirus meaning no one has an immune
system for it no one has developed
immunity you know when you think about
other diseases like the common cold or
you know different flus like we've had
flus people have a certain amount of
immunity to flu you get flu shots you
can get a flu shot it gives you an
immunity to a certain amount even even
when they get the flu shot wrong
apparently because sometimes they guess
the wrong flu strain it still has enough
of what a flu is to protect you somewhat
so to keep you from getting more so
corona is actually a strand of this like
the baby brother of the flute not really
it's a it's a type of virus a corona
virus is a whole category of viruses
that includes the common cold this is
they call it's ours to Orko vid 19 and
this is a new one so then the problem
with this is no one knows how it gets
spread like even back as far as January
they were thinking it didn't spread
through the air
they were thinking it so it's not it's
not I don't know this might be some
ignorant questions but I know dinner
it's Matt's not ignorant like we none of
us really know it's just we're learning
so is that what like you said I think
what people are fearful of the most if
it's airborne yes I mean I don't know if
that is the specific reason why they're
enforcing wearing masks or whatever yes
and I don't know if we've got to that
panic stage and I know none of the
people have announced it or anything but
it didn't it hasn't been classified as a
virus that's airborne like it doesn't
just fly around motherfucking fly around
shit all day well when a virus is
airborne what it means is like when you
sneeze or you cough or you you know
breathe on someone there's moisture
that's going through your mouth and into
the air and it's spreading it's
travelling certain amount of distance
that's how things are airborne it's not
like they're just flying around it's
they're coming out of people and they're
getting in other people so the fact that
average space a muhfucka can spit some
shit is six feet before it can affect
you there's a lot of theories some
people think it could be as much as 13
feet really yeah they don't know it's
all guesswork it's all guesswork there
they're learning as they go along how
far but they do know it travels through
the air they definitely know that there
was a really sad story about a choir
that got together and laughs I don't
know I don't know they didn't say it oh
how many people died and when you're
singing together you're raising your
voice you're projecting so probably
feeling the air right with all this
stuff you know I just it's just
interesting man because you like
everybody all you hear people say is
like I can't wait for it to get back to
normal again
I can't where people like people in that
and I think that people are wanting to
have enough confidence in the government
or Donald Trump for Donald badly but
some people are just waiting for him to
say okay we're good it's over
and that's not gonna be the case no
gonna never be like Charlemagne posted
something on holidays and was it a booty
picture no
the booty kitchen was the Duncans Malik
Yoba
no you can't bring that name of booty
booty can you do this this was a booty
booty music at least site you just
started a fucking fight I didn't I
didn't but he posted oh my god and his
name is Lonard Joe okay
Charmaine is a great name oh yeah but
the guy part is the thing I would never
connect with oh yeah yeah that's well he
can get away with it there's Spanish oh
no it's a it's a photograph I think I
was trying my hardest not to interrupt
man but I can't stand him booty shows
but go ahead maybe it wasn't his I saw I
swore I did not bring I swear I did not
bring this up just never do that I only
did it because he so whoever I thought
it was him someone posted maybe did it
on Twitter I don't know someone posted
something there was a picture of these
people that got tired of social
distancing after the 1918 flu and they
were out in the streets celebrating the
end of the war and they said that that
started a resurgent cases and the second
wave wound up killing more people than
died in the day you know those people
were young men a lot of know they were
motherfuckers that was in fucked up
relationships Joe if Corona does has
anything yo if Corona don't test
anything it's gonna test the love that
you have for the person that you're
supposed to love yes and I'm pretty sure
like nobody wants to die right right
definitely nobody wants to die right
but sometimes dates bitches that you
know
what huh you finding out if you made a
mistake I made mistake but you start and
I hope that's not the case with people
you start weighing it you're like oh
fuck man I swear well women with men to
men imagine being living with a guy
who's falling apart right now
fall apart in the health-wise
adjustments in your life just like if
you're together you're together in a
house 24/7 right and you know you're
you're falling apart as far as like the
way you're handling this like some
people just can just accept okay this is
a new normal
this is what there's people mothers open
the fucking government right there's
people that are freaking out right now
right and there's people that have
points and there's people that don't
have points but men and women like
everybody's a mess but you know you
you're absolutely right and this is with
and I know you've got it you're a fan of
David you don't say love them David and
David Garland's oh love you don't saying
like yikes
like I agree with you like you have
different mindsets when something like
this happens yeah you have the mindset
of like oh fuck what am I gonna do I'm
gonna get money fuck
oh my only can survive off for one week
somebody please help me
you got that motherfucker to bitch
motherfucker did you get a motherfucker
that's calm and says okay you know there
will be some challenges I'm not I'm not
sure where the next monies will come
from but I can't just sit there and
bitch about I got to do something about
it you gotta do something like you say
and one of the things that this is gonna
what's gonna happen with this it's gonna
be it's gonna increase awareness on so
many fuckin levels because they do these
Co V fucking um briefs every day right
and there's three things they say it's
gonna really fuck you up if you do drugs
alcohol and it's another one jumpy City
so obesity drugs and alcohol they said
obesity was an obese actor in New York
City and this is a thing and this what
you this is what they don't report and
I'm not just reached I'm not shitting on
anybody you know do god bless I mean
hopefully nobody I know gets so just I
don't want shit happen anyway but this
is what they don't mention when they say
these numbers you know it is crazy
I enjoy beer so 500 people died today
they don't break it down is it five
Joe Rogan niggas is it 500 David Goggins
niggas no it's probably it's you know
what it is it is but sometimes it's not
that's what's scary about that you know
sometimes is not but we do know Joe did
it contributes yes it has a major factor
it's a major factor and people need to
know that it's a major factor and stop
saving their feelings just letting them
know as a fact yeah motherfuckers is
dying to Co V yes and sometimes like
when you're just was live with a
ventilator right he sound like biggie
smalls he was like some serious nigga
yes it's serious you know what else is
serious to those 10 pieces of chicken
that extra sweet tea that motherfucking
potato salad with mayonnaise and
mayonnaise and mayonnaise and mayonnaise
all that shit is apart all of it is
relevant all of its wrong all of it is
fucking wrong you it's delicious food
but you know what you're doing when
you're eating it when I told you drink
something that's like you know why
you're drinking it like if you drink it
like a regular coca-cola right it's
goddamn delicious but you know you're
gonna pay for and know what you're doing
though it's like fram oil filters you
could pay me now or you can pay me later
that's all one of my shot did you tell
it tell me that all the time like I was
a fuck up in school right and he'd be
like Darnell I'd be fucking I'd be like
Daniel listen my lessons are like fram
oil filters you could pay me now or you
can pay me later I was young and dumb
when you young and dumb you don't know
what wisdom is you like this old
motherfucker need to shut the fuck up I
didn't know what he meant hit Celeste
those lessons he tried to teach me then
as I got older I was like nan I know the
fuck he's talking about you could pay me
two dollars for this elf air filter now
or 3,000 for a whole new transmission
right you know saying and people don't
people don't people understand that
that's a way of looking at it for sure
the but with the the problem with
people's bodies and like what they put
into him is they they get this
connection in their head that this is
rewarding them the food is rewarding
that's sugar yeah right sugar it's a
trap it's sugar in its carbohydrates
traveling so long well know no more than
you black people you go to any black
bears a house you want to have sugar in
a cabinet in salt
right you go to wipers house you have
oregano you have time you have rosemary
and shit like where the fuck is the
sugars where's the salts will you cook
right yeah I do do you how do you like
are you big in the spices do you know
you know I know my spices but one of the
things that I'm trying to do and not
like Heather because have it be as a
good friend of mine right and she just
everything is fried right what I want to
do and I get impressed is trying to cook
cleaner and for a black person telling
the black person to eat clean it's like
that shit nasty do you know your health
work done do you get like blood work
done to see yeah you know I don't know
where my Maccoby shit is right now
they're gonna come here is it gonna be a
nurse Charlamagne long follow me they
won't let you and I and and I want to
know and that's another thing that's
like that's a drawback of this whole
process like who has access to a test
you know you know I mean like who has
access to a test there's a whole line
outside if you go there's like a bunch
of these stations they've set up all
around the valley where you can pull in
and they'll give you a test so what is
that is that something is that something
that the government spam for is part of
your is show no it's a good question
Jamie do you know the one that came
before you need like a doctor's
prescription but eventually they're
gonna have to be able to eventually it's
gonna have to be it's accessible to
everyone should be free right should be
look if we're gonna spend money on
anything we should spend money on that
right god damn what's the idea that
we're gonna make people pay for that
it's crazy yeah you can't this is a
thing that's happening right now it's
almost like there's a lot of dangerous
shit that happens when things go into
chaos because there's people that take
advantage of those moments and they be
rich the people get rich but more
importantly laws get passed cuz people
are scared and those laws can like be
they could sneak something in where they
ban encryption or they sneak something
in where they stop digital currency
that aren't controlled by sort and
certain companies they can sneak weird
shit in while people are freaking out
24-hour surveillance because we want to
make sure that people don't loot and
riot the weird shit can happen they're
gonna road your civil liberties when
things get chaotic different change this
is a weird time you know but this is
where we live this is life right now you
just gotta accept you think something
like this had to happen for people to
put real family values and what's
important in perspective is do you
believe like we talked about it off like
and I'm like um I'm a religious person
to the extent that I know that it is
something that makes people feel good
about yeah you know but you know within
but then you have those holy holy holy
people that celebrate God on one level
but then when something like this happen
under stand that if you believe that God
can fix anything is gonna take you to
the promised land you gotta believe that
he had to be part of the narrative of
this of this curse it's how much
responsibility you put on yourself and
how much responsibility even if you
believe in God you put on that like you
got to do some work yourself to like
even if you believe in God don't get so
fat that you're gonna die you got it
yeah don't do that don't let yourself do
that start drinking water just exercise
stopped eating as much sugar you can do
it joke maybe some motherfuckers all the
fucking time you gotta fucking help God
help him you gotta help them you can't
you can't just be like oh shit god I
hope I don't get diabetes let me get the
cotton candy let me get the extra sweet
tea let me get the fun okay you can't do
that right you're right you can't
shouldn't if you do you're you're you're
doing a disservice to the gift of life
you know many people out there in
wheelchairs they're born with horrible
debilitating diseases they can't do shit
people they've been in accidents people
have been blown up in war they can't
even move around and here you are taking
a perfectly good body and just dump and
bullshit into it while it just explodes
and I understand that people get
addicted to things you get addicted to
that feeling of the rush of eating but
you got to get yourself off of it you
know it's got a way to live your life
better it can be done other people have
done it you can do it too
the idea that you can't do it is stupid
you know
you just gave me a thought and the
reason why sometime I interrupt because
I know I got a TD right if I don't get
my thought in that sensitive to
interrupting no not in a bad way but he
would have you said they love me but you
know I knew you're gonna be you and I
really enjoyed meeting RZA he's a
fascinating dude I have a lot of respect
for him and he's a genius just a really
interesting guy but it was funny to
watch and I haven't said this I was like
this what I'm gonna do Rogan talk about
like nigga I'm just gonna talk about did
I just I felt like we had so much to
talk about right yeah and um I don't
feel like I owe anybody in an apology or
anything but I would like to expand
explanation please don't you're great
you just being you don't try to totally
deaf people they didn't have minted that
you read hate you can't say they hated
you there's so many people I don't give
a fuck about me I already got them in a
bag bro give a fuck I love you
fuck you whose nasal you know it was you
can never you can never get to a zero
point you can never get to a no haters
point it doesn't exist it doesn't exist
I just need to bring it down just a
little bit is it because you say they
weren't managing this is how you some of
them were mad a lot of them were mad
you're reading too many of the comments
and you did when we left this was this
was before kofi idea when we would
embrace when I see you a hug and a funny
the irony of that interview was at the
end of it you and I was feeling good
about it I love yo I loved it listen
brother I loved it like a motherfucker
side gave me a tongue kiss you pause no
Charlotte man
no Charlie man yo you embrace me cuz you
said I remember what you said you said
at the end of because that's when Reza
did the fries
and you said in hearing you say this
means a lot you said that might be one
of the greatest out chosen podcast
history 100% coming from a motherfucker
is 1200 plus you just seen it all right
and I was like you right and we hugged
and I remember you telling me this -
don't read the comments look at you like
what the fuck do you mean Joe the
streets love me man I had a good run and
I believe listen you ever tell you
something Joe
you said don't really comment I know
this might be excessive but I think I
only read 2782
oh my god and it was nice it was nice
and then they started using words did
only the vocabulary of a real podcaster
cringe like what words do word cringe Oh
cringe just straight cringe like I need
a little bit more information what the
fuck is your definition of cringe there
was like cringe motherfucker said and
this is the real assholes they didn't
want anybody to get to know me anything
day was telling people exactly where on
the timeline to find the discussed ahead
they'd be like I almost fucking killed
myself and 1738 okay kid a motherfucking
get 60 minutes before we get hurt now
I'm telling you you can't pay attention
to that yo you're just gotta be you
you're great you're sure Joe Joe that's
easy for you to say Joe yo how many
years did it take you to just be you and
comfortable like this and the reason I'm
saying that when you first started right
when you're nothing and the birth of my
pockets because when you first started I
know as calm as your demeanor is right
now and as comfortable and I may be
wrong as comfortable of saying fuck them
don't worry about him I know that could
not have been your beginning you had to
have had you and I may be wrong you had
to like okay why did that person say
that what do they mean by that Darnell I
think I have brain damage from what from
getting hit in the head don't worry
about the same things that people worry
about right you're absolutely right
because I spa
real possibility right do you know me
that might be real right there might be
something going on there
but it's also your whole career money
and I just want to stand up yeah that
was free okay so you had seed you say
you had a not oh I don't buy a lot of
shit I don't go crazy I like cars that's
my only addiction right but I'm not when
I did something like Fear Factor and
making some money
it gave me this freedom to now do not
worry about ever doing that you always
have been up that mindset
yeah but it reinforced it it just really
things like that reinforce it like
having a having like savings in the bank
is nice but also doing what you want to
do is nice too one of the things that I
learned from Fear Factor I want to do
that anymore
right I don't want to do that kind of
stuff anymore you know what I don't want
to be premature of it but I can see you
my podcast mentor you know I'm saying
but not being but you're into it too
early but you made me feel that type of
confidence in turn and and in in terms
of controlling your own destiny being in
control of your own shit and this is
what you want to do because I've talked
to you about every time I get idea here
job like we think about this it's TV
show and you told me like I was excited
about this idea and you were like the
pocket has brought you control that you
you're you right right like you're you
at your best when you're just having fun
being you and no one's gonna allow you
to do that well my producers are gonna
get greasy they're gonna get their
greasy hands on you and they're gonna
try to do this so get you to wear that
or don't talk about this at Darnell if
you could just lay back here and just
let there's a bunch of people to direct
to you you're not gonna get to who you
really are right you gotta do it by
yourself and you'll find it I don't
trying to interview in your own show but
where did you wait where'd you when did
you feel it I just knew that because I
saw Tommy interview you did yeah and and
this was like I don't know this was
considered the birth because this when
the technology the whole thing and you
were like breaking it it was weird for
me to hear you breakin down the future
of it yeah to somebody that was actually
doing it and you said you said
you got to figure out this is important
how do you make money off how do you
make money off it yeah but you also got
to keep it the way it is where no one's
fucking with it when I went to Tom
Green's house
he just had these wires like this is
2007 when it wasn't I'm like what the
fuck they going live fuck
he was law any that was dalip not only
was it no people at cable when they had
ISDN lines in 2007 is like just mostly a
lot of people but cable
it wasn't the near the bandwidth that
you got now but he had all the servers
and everything in his house he had
turned his house he had this dope house
in the hills and he had turned this
house into a TV studio his living room
wasn't a living room anymore
it had a desk and had monitors behind it
and all this was like these big fat
fucking cables so that way I don't have
to Canada today yeah he did this all on
his own and I had actually met with the
company I met them in the Denver Comedy
Works and talked to them a little bit
about doing something similar but I was
like my thought was like as soon as you
start doing with a company now you're
now you're doing the same thing again
yeah you're just doing it online you
there's different kinds of people and
it's not it's not a value judgment but
there's different kinds of people
there's wild creative people and then
there's studio executives studio
executives are the people that have to
look at these wild creative people and
go how do I make sure that donal doesn't
go crazy I'm gonna put him on this show
that's why I'm not on it's too wild we
got to bring them he said son too much
we got a we got to keep him on the
commercials have to come in seven
minutes he has to be ready to make that
break they'll and they'll say look we've
got numbers Donnell that shows when you
start talking about this people get
upset and they tune off right but if you
just you know talk about this we're
better so we've written you some talking
points and they'll bring you some shit
look we're not writing for you we're
just giving you like what do it fuck is
this but I do need the money I think you
have to have a meeting and Debbie's
gonna pull you into the office and go
Donnell I just don't think you respect
me okay we have to work together
I'm your executive Peter sir you know
I'm here to put this show together you
have to work with me and I don't want to
I would love to work with you but I
don't want to cuz you don't respect the
fact that I
that you don't respect what I'm doing so
how the fuck do you get to respected
wild creative people it doesn't always
work out like sometimes they don't it
doesn't pan out a podcast doesn't pan
out or a TV she doesn't pan out but at
least you they have a chance right like
you can't have a podcast like yours
yours is a perfect example you're just
you
she just a lot of it is just you ranting
into the camera about shit you can't no
one would ever let you do it that way
and let us wild and organic that's why
and that's why you when you were trying
to tell me the beauty of it I wasn't
understanding another reason I wouldn't
say I was like all right motherfucker
win do the money kick in like I
understood he was like yeah Danielle's
gonna be one I was like this alright
what number do I hit when I start gently
they they'd say it's like when you start
getting I think it's like a hundred
thousand downloads right that's when
advertisers become interested in you
that's legitimate that's a hundred
thousand people and as long as you pick
your products carefully I definitely do
a good man right now
I'm come dick pills mine was the
fleshlight was the first one flashlight
flashlight
what's the flashlight a flashlight is a
fake pussy that comes me for that one
right now let's do some fucking business
I'll do some business with you I bet if
they still do podcasts do they do any
more well that's how I met from my
friend Aubrey when we started on it
together he was he was running this
rubber pussy business yo you gotta get
it I'm gonna tell you a Corona have you
one to sell anything because i'ma tell
you and I agree we just said and I was
like and I wasn't concerned I wasn't
thinking about what am I gonna make the
money on the podcast first thing I was
thinking about cannot do a park good
podcast you told me the most important
thing is the consistency of it yes
you've got to get the reps in you know
motherfucker you got a good podcast and
don't come out forget make people look
forward to it yeah if you do it every
week once a week twice a week whatever
you doing then people like guys a bunch
of podcasts that I subscribe to then I
like to come out on Monday I look
forward to Monday right look forward to
checking my phone alright a new episode
you know I mean it as a fan as much as
I'm in it as someone who does it
I mean you you pushed me on your talk
shit shit and I would try to motivate
you I knew it I was like man if I see
this one good I like if I see this
before the one time in the Comi stuff
and he cracks this motherfucking neck
and Look Me in my face to say what the
fuck are you doing shut up factor but
going to it but I knew I was right I
knew I was like Donna what the fuck he
doing I'm scared son
I know but look it worked it works you
know and I flew you you have your own
map that's my son's hair right there
show us so everybody your master the
master oh yeah this is a Donna Rossi
show oh we got magic for y'all punk
motherfuckers now this is the what is it
say on it hold on wait a minute it says
hold on it says the donnell rawlings
show on one side what is that what's
that right the other side Oh Donna wrong
in the other side says not today bro
that did a runner
it won't happen today and if you see yo
looks alright i'ma tell you i'ma tell
you what happens this is a tough time
for everybody nobody won't take their
head off right and y'all I've been
feeling it right and I was like I will
never act a Hollywood again if I do this
right so I start going you'll see I'm a
behind it burns I got the motherfucking
sunroof dude I got a sunroof no I got a
sunroof sunroof yo but your sunroof
should make it 50 meters a year this is
not the same roof you know I've said
this is a this is a hoody roof right
here so I cut my son's hair right and I
was like oh shit what can I do right he
saw he was like ah so I say I'm gonna
fuck around I take you to the show and
I'm gonna get a glue stick and put it on
my head just for fun he thought it would
be funny and I showed him this podcast
I'm the other day and he got excited
about it
but the thing I like about me having a
hit it smells like him so it's like a
souvenir and right there you know what
Joe I don't want to feel like I'm CBS or
anything right now
but I want to say we all know when it
comes
Ronit there's certain things that go
before you know if you have corona or
you kind of feel it right your sense of
smell and your sense to test that's why
Joe you're not gonna believe this right
I came up with a one-of-a-kind this is a
specific to me
it's the Daniel Rowling show okay now
I'm not a--not of you familiar with a
smell called black ice black ice do you
know black ice no you know what black
ice I don't know I wouldn't lie to you
no you don't really know what the black
ice air freshener it is I don't think so
do you know what it is you don't know
okay you're gonna I bet you'll know this
I mean okay it's like for a car all
right you know this one you know the
Royal pine air freshener those little
change the white one let me just tell
you right off the bulb my gut listen I'm
a car freak right hey air fresheners I
don't like them right I want to smell
car I want to send that about I want to
smell gasoline and your carpet it's not
about your car like you've not been into
a Cadillac a black a black owned
Cadillac you've never had a ride with
Snoop Dogg into the hip-hop dudes right
no in the culture black culture black
ice is just the smell you always have to
have it in your car if you want to get
some pussy back in a day so there is no
my god it's a tree though
yeah it's a tree it's the same shit is
the same as the white man's air
freshener it's the same shape is the
black lines matter of air fresheners
joke it is hilarious though they pretend
look it's like a tree made out of
chemicals but Joe it's like the woods
Joe I don't want to distract be getting
bad because a candle this is the donnie
rods candle right and i want to check
them and one of my arm
Whitney Whitney Cummings has one Angela
Yee hair one they'll check it out tell
me what you think oh that smells good um
Jamie so you know what now let me smell
it
it's no see that's another thing this is
a this this candle helps you do incur
onna like you burn that count and the
minute you don't smell it nigga go get a
test but more importantly Jo more
importantly Jo its could you read the
description could you read a description
and the ingredients in it is shit back
here yes sir
from Marcy projects to Hollywood Donnell
captured six true smells oils going from
ashy to classy breathe in the memories
of cold air hitting your skin on a
winter's day shades of your skin getting
a shear and ashy air as the brisk wind
hit your arms and ankles captured the
energy of a good lotion without having
it black ash eliminates the smell of
torque and replaces it with his exotic
smells the ingredients Joe I don't know
the first one what does that bergamot
bergamot please I don't know what that
is do you know what that is Jim bergamot
we sandalwood I've heard of that Musk
uh-huh Elan lavender jasmine and amber
Gallagher's ambergris ambergris and this
okay am because this is where um cuz I
have a really professional person that
does these cans right amber juice and I
was talking to somebody there's really a
health nut into raw stuff and this what
else
I heard ambergris was at first it was
sperm from a whale I knew usually get
excited about this key what I thought
about it this is what I heard first it
was sperm from a whale that they mined
for it right but come to find out it
wasn't I thought it was I was like oh
shit my candle get a weld nut right but
it's not that it's the byproduct of an
actual sperm whale do you know when the
no cruelty no please cruelty that's the
most important the load out of the whale
without being see that's when the story
started to just that that's what the
story got flaky you know I mean I needed
to know more I was like who was jerking
the West sixty thousand which I've
fucking pop-up ads you son of a bitch
what is it oh you have to give them an
email oh shut up
I know you got somewhere
well I was gonna say is that Red Bull we
found out that Red Bulls made with
taurine and the original source of
taurine they said get it from bull
testicles really bull nuts yeah like
Hitler apparently was into taurine bull
nuts yeah yeah ooh it's like some form
of testosterone or something or some
form of stimulant well anything that has
something to do with sperm it feels like
I supposed to give you super super
strength or something people are silly
ambergris how to tell if you've struck
gold with the whale vomit or stumbled
upon sewage oh so sometimes you they
find it like floating around yeah oh is
it the first thought I thought it was
sperm so I was like who the fuck is
swimming through oh my god look at that
shit
it it can be up to 71 thousand dollars
for a 1.57 kilogram lump that's like
three three and a half pounds right so
I'm like this is a lava what is the
whale what what is it the well it said
well vomit so it's like truffle yes look
I knew it
I know it's compared to fucking truffles
mmm my shit I can do got truffle each
type fucking ambergris soprano sperm
whale that's what it is scroll back up a
little bit there Jamie and is no cruelty
nobody beat the shit out of the whale
it's not whale sperm it's a product of
the sperm whale that's not only a sperm
whale makes the compound responsible for
ambergris alors it's called Ambreen and
different organisms biosynthesized
different compounds such as caffeine
maybe cocoa coffee or tea plants Ambreen
is made by sperm whales only to glue
together squid beaks what the so what
you fan now Joe is my candle is baller
as shit look at this and the rest of it
listen Larsen is squid is the main diet
of sperm whales but the beaks can't be
digested they need to be passed out
without causing injury and they do this
by coating them with Ambreen so the
sperm whale creates this amazing shit
just to dissolve beaks of squids I'll be
a mother fucking candle goddamn nature's
and to be my fucking camera my black ass
but the thing is it's some quality shit
in there Joe and in the thing
but it was it was I was gonna launch
this before the corona should hit but I
had to ask myself like this with put
things in perspective for me I'm a row
red you know I'm a Road Dogg yeah me you
a Road Dogg you start feeling company
like I get you look at your candle you
can't a comedian you look at your
calendar and see your counter you like
I'm good and the rhythm of my calendar
before the ship hopped I was rocking
with Martin
we had fucking dates coming on you know
I'm saying I had some I went I'm not
supposed to do you this was gonna be my
weekend it was you and Dave on a Friday
and then Martin Lawrence the next day as
they saying the streets God was good as
a motherfucker the last show idea before
these mandates came in it was at the UM
at the mill what you probably played it
before Milwaukee theater
yeah if happened the Pabst Theater yeah
so you've been down in that green room
downstairs
mm-hmm incredible that was the last time
the last time I was on stage do you
remember what weekend that was it 14th
or was it the weekend before that there
was like a couple of weekends where
people are still like a member host
Malone had a big show it was very but it
was a bad rap it was like you know the
reason why because seeing a day's road
guy whatever every like when we were on
the road every day was a different news
report you don't say it was right when
it was going down Joe like it was like
where's my rating yeah it was everybody
was like oh fucking this what was here
the NBA baseball and we was like this
week good we telling jokes
bow-bow I did next thing you know the
shit yeah was shut down but I said I was
like hold up motherfucker
you are really unemployed right now you
know and when I say that my flow of
income is Road and I'm like what do you
do
you got savings and shit but you still
nobody wants to just see money going out
and no money coming in and then I was
like I was happy yeah that's why I was
always thank you but I was happy because
you got me out the gate so the momentum
is dear and I needed to put the focus
and I was forced to put the focus in it
but I put the focus on and I said myself
as all these comedians bicha what am I
gonna do
I'm like you got three months to figure
out what your rhythm is gonna be and
what you gonna do you can wait for this
is what you ever you consider to be over
you could wait for it's over and then
like start now or you could start now
and the only ways I'm saying like that
they can of think it was gonna be a
novelty thing whatever but I was like
this candle is gonna gonna train me on
what it takes to come up with an idea
market it get people excited about it
provide a quality product and see what
the feedback is you know so I know it
may seem like so simple to people but as
I've always had a entrepreneur spirit
but never was forced to really write
engage it yeah well you know you only
have so much time right that's it we're
doing stand-up consoling you're always
on the road there's only so much time to
do other things and the worry is that if
you do try to do other things those
things will take time away from your
standup that's what every comic Cory but
I was a road rat
yeah so and I talked to you before it
starts somebody said every time I do it
any of you
first thing people at all it must be cuz
we're on a stage you and I are we do
this shit you know I'm saying we don't
just okay I got an arena tour coming up
all right I'm gonna take two weeks I'm
gonna tape look I'm gonna tape an hour
special I got one week to prepare for it
and you see it it's reflective of the
show you can bring out that people know
we straight up Monday Tuesday Wednesday
you know you probably not soap you you
do clubs anymore I do all the clubs do
you do you go out and hit like yeah I
still do I'd like to I like to do Comedy
Works in Denver so you know what those
reps those are up so that's what that
and down you like for that person it's
just like everything we express and we
as part of what we do it because it's
somewhat about therapy you know I'm
saying you angry or something they be go
fucking talk about it you happy about
something let me go fucking talk about
it you know like so there's people like
that when it's time
when it's when it's time to put up you
you fucking ready to do it you I mean
you want you're working out yeah you
have to is this this we've all tried
stand-up different ways you know there's
been comedians since the beginning of
stand-up trying at different ways and
pretty much everybody agrees you got to
do it constantly and that's and I always
lose my thorn this where I start to
interrupt but the question that I had to
bring my back and I'm learning to be
better at this is people always actually
these interviews they say oh and I was
this was follow up on us how we love
performing they say oh man it's gotta be
fucking killing you to not be able to
get on stage and if if I didn't have my
son like the thing now is unreplaceable
and it doesn't affect me as much you
know I'm saying it doesn't oh I gotta
get out because the time I was like okay
I got to do three spots tonight I'm
watching Oram world with my son I'm
building a goddamn fucking a fake candy
machine out of cardboard so it's the
transition for me hasn't been that tough
because I just put that energy somewhere
else and it's been amazing fuck my son's
four years old Joe this is the longest
stretch of time I've spent with him
since he was born
not because I'm a neglectful dad or
anything because you guys show's gonna
put things in perspective because at one
point I was like I can't miss this show
fuck that you gotta go get the money
gotta get the money now that I'm getting
this town my son going back out of
whatever I'm glad just you know what
maybe I just should start considering
counseling that weekend you know could
do things around here to know what I'm
doing I've been thinking a lot about
that about almost like doing like an LA
residency like find a place it's like a
500-seat theater or something but this
is what this is this is beauty of Kobe
if there's anything it makes you think
on a different level what makes you
think that this is really temporary just
because it's always been there doesn't
mean it will always be there
what you mean virus or them whatever
life is way the way arc society is
structured this is new alright this the
cities themselves are new they've only
they've only been around here for a few
hundred years right we
Taman friends think Weesa the world
started in the 60s whatever it is
whatever the date is we all know that
the world used to be very different we
just assumed that the way it is now is
the way it's gonna stay
that's not a good assumption because
it's all volatile and changes constantly
and there's natural disasters that are
way scarier than this virus
this thing's like asteroid impacts that
are inevitable there's things like super
volcanoes which are inevitable they're
going to happen whether they happen a
hundred thousand years from now or a
hundred days from now somewhere in the
world a giant volcano is gonna explode
and it's gonna turn the whole fucking
planet into nuclear winter equinox shit
it's gonna die it's gonna cloud out the
Sun it's gonna cool the temperature of
the planet and it's gonna do it for
years and a lot of fucking things are
gonna die that's happened a ton of times
of that I mean this what we're having
right now it's been a condition too
because they went through it we never
went through anything but this is why
we're going through something that is
the good if there's anything that's good
about going through something is that
you're forced to realize that something
can happen something real can happen
that shuts the world's economy down and
no one saw it coming something real
that's a real thing but we really
haven't had an American we really
haven't had that test no but this is for
the whole world though this is like a
planetary test and the good thing about
that is you get to see how different
people try it different people have
different you know strategies they have
to deal with their public and their
healthcare and it's very different
results all over the planet and they're
gonna analyze all that shit and try to
find out why Germany did so well and
Italy did so bad and this and that
they're kind of try to put all this
stuff together it's it's a it's a
terrible time for the people that are
affecting the people to get sick but you
know that's not a good thing do you
think but people can get something good
out of it when there's something good
out of a bad thing and the good thing is
to prepare yourself better you know I
agree what you want to person but do you
think this because well you you talk
about it you know only my fuck I
wouldn't know there with no more than
ten viruses most muffles I grew up with
only know one virus you know you know
all the viruses do you think and we
don't know all the virus you know
nothing to me you know I barely know
what I'm talking about yeah but it just
sounds good cuz I'm but you write off
them ten syllable words like you know
all
fucking viruses but you don't have to
clap it out but they say this is what
they say by the virus to this what they
say about the virus to Joe they say it's
a bitch's virus yeah like they like is
it for some people for some people do
you think and I've heard that well you
think it'll be flattening more or when
it starts getting really really hot are
you dumb do you think that I heard it
doesn't survive like 85 degree or 90
degree temperature this is what I read
somewhere that it doesn't have that the
likelihood of it living out of your body
whatever as little as a lot shorter yeah
I don't know if that's true but I do
know that for whatever reason there are
seasons right where people get colds I
mean it kind of makes sense it
yeah because wouldn't be on surfaces as
long like they'd get somebody have a
cold in the summer you like whoa yeah
you okay cuz those viruses don't flu
viruses in them corona virus that's like
some cold shit yeah I don't know enough
to comment on that but I do know that
their words it's gonna be a second wave
the words gonna be a first wave and then
people gonna relax and there's gonna be
a second wave it'll be a second wave as
people have to if people build too much
confidence it's definitely gonna be a
second wave what's weird to me is how
some people get it and it's nothing
they don't even they I had a call for a
couple days I can't believe I had that
person close to mind it works in my camp
I was his name or whatever right
principles just motherfucking had Corona
Light yo I know this I had to be friends
the Tru dis muhfucka said oh she liked
all this shit right and didn't muhfucka
say he was home like three days later
about what fucking type of Corona you
got so he's in the hospital for three
days yeah it was a hospital that's
listen if you're in the hospital for
three days it means you got it bad
michael madsen a fucking honda yo
michael yo in a weird thing about the
michael yo joint cuz like I love Michael
yeah he's such a great dudes of great
guy know Joe he's a great guy
so I was up early every month for 4:30
I'm up early right and same people are
up like five o'clock hit I poses
something in
in yo liked it which is okay normal of
him and then he comment I was like
motherfucker you up right I'm like you
want to comment you up you could you
could like in your sleep right that's a
comment you could just automatic like
how many I all this muhfucka like blah
blah
comment is like okay put the glasses on
right so in this one I was up the notion
I was like motherfuckers um the shit
just so fucked about this pandemic is
that motherfuckers are afraid to die and
then I said and this was this was my mom
when I was like only time motherfuckers
really think about living is when they
think they're gonna die that's when when
someone do what the doctor says well how
long do I believe three years they might
want to do everything they want to see
it parents more yeah wanna fucking do
they bucket list shit you know I'm
saying I was like that's is
motherfuckers they afraid to die and you
got to know that it's inevitable that is
gonna happen to everybody you know so I
would just I just wanted to rap when yo
so I told him I said man and I told me
so shots at man my fuckin trying to live
and to a motherfucker is I'm thinking
about dying Michael yo said nigga almost
died right and that moment was so meant
so much to me for so many reasons Oh to
hear Michael yo say they were niggas say
I got the same feelings with Wayne Brady
said is Wayne Brady because one of the
most unscathed motherfuckers you know
this mother it's like Michael your name
should have been Preston or something
like that right and then he told me what
his situation was whatever and he's
getting better and he had NASA whatever
but he got it bad he was in the hospital
and he legitimately told me he thought
he was dead to my point as much as we
want to consider it that's all we hear
the death of it the death yeah soso die
in 24 hours but this is about Michael yo
you have to really consider is that he's
healthy he's young exactly he's robust
like he's a guy works out alive does
allowance when you hear that he got it
and almost died you're like oh well this
is a different thing I'm thinking too
Jojo don't let all tryst you I gotta get
a no health health help you get in touch
with your black side or your Asian side
which which side did Michael yolk have
caronian yeah black thin and he works
out a lot like he's not he's not
overweight at all and he lifts weights a
lot we got about on the podcast he goes
to this like weightlifting gym that
place he goes to it's like some it's
just all weightlifting boxes and and and
he's a healthy guy that's why when I say
the point I'm making is like you know
it's not like this may sound crazy like
when you back in a day when you heard
about aids you didn't hear when it first
popped nobody survived that shit it's
true
nobody it was like you get a's nigga for
months it's a rat and everybody thought
they had it and everybody thought they
had but the reason why and it took some
time for it doesn't have a cure but
people living with it people tested when
did you get tested about four years ago
the first time you get tested for not
the first time the first time was like I
got jested for an insurance thing that I
had to do for health insurance and like
92 some 92 ish that was so terrifying
yeah just a slide show her own enjoyable
decisions I've made the corrosion but
depressed making but when that first
when that first hit when that first hit
motherfuckers was like he was like but
people didn't really take it as serious
because they just thought it was just
associated with a certain lifestyle well
you know originally we thought anybody
could get it that's what they were
really worried they're worried that I
mean this was remember they when did
they even start calling it HIV like in
the beginning they were just calling it
a it's right yeah people worried about
and you know I think before that even
called it the gay cancer like they were
trying to figure out what it was it was
killing people but when I took my first
test in 92 I remember all my friends
were going through a similar situation
and everybody was terrified to take the
test because we were all convinced that
it had some incubation period well you
could have it in your body and you'd be
fine for five years
boom and they would it would kick in but
a point to the point I'm making about
that is that like um but like you
hearing you hear these stories of people
like Michael yo mmm-hmm you hear the
story about the person I was talking
about earlier you hear people that when
you heard they got or whatever that they
made it through people are surviving it
you know some people yeah some people
yeah yeah but that's what's weird about
it man it's killing some people that are
young and apparently there's something
called that I never took any
consideration called viral load and this
is a kind of sperm whale where let's
never do that what is it exactly define
viral load so it depends like someone
who works as a nurse in the ER who deals
with a lot of these patients is much
more likely to get it that someone just
gets in contact with one person who has
it that's the constant being around yeah
the load I mean they're these these poor
people that are working in health care
right now they're dealing with this
constant environment of sickness and a
lot of young nurses regarding yeah
that's the that's the young doctors that
is so fucked up in his soul and that's
it's just because you like you know we
have the shortage of these masks and
everybody's doing masks and stuff and
one of my friends is like I need a mask
I was like you better get a scarf do
something right it was like no I need to
m94 3m so and so I'm like if you're
walking to have you walk down the street
with one of those fucking surgical
doctors masks to go to the fucking store
you should feel ashame your self because
the doctors and nurses are the people
that need that stash the people that are
out there on the front line are the ones
that need that stands that's tribute in
California you have to wear those now
yeah you have to I'm talking about the
level like the one I'm talking about is
the one that mean that the real filter
the real filter one and not know that
they like at first it was all about
everybody was like of the notion you got
to have this certain mass but then they
said you know you have to cover yourself
have to do it they want to let you into
certain spots because yeah ya know you
there's a new law in Los Angeles in Los
Angeles when you're out you have to have
your face covered which is man that is
is that just that just for going into
businesses or just repress it
to say yes now people in the future like
when are you gonna tell them they can't
cover their face anymore this is where
it gets weird because before before it
was weird if you saw someone with their
face covered you would get nervous one
agent were trying to rob you if they
weren't Asian imagine if you're a guy
who works at a 24-hour convenience store
and everybody's got a fuckin face mask
yeah you know how much that guy's his
tension has spiked your anxiety is
spiked everyone could potentially rob
Jovi another movie late night shift do
you know believe that's why I got a
see-through mask you want to get back to
really racial profiling all right but
you're right that has to make people
work in a liquor store and you know like
your your really your store has been
robbed a couple of times already how if
I wait here's a liquor store anybody's
thinking about Rob legs sir keep in mind
that I'm almost certain that every
motherfucker to own a liquor store got a
shotgun or pistol back there yeah I
don't give a fuck
they gonna have something back to you so
take it roll up in here with your
fucking spider-man mask if you want to
you gonna get your head split that's a
crazy job to be in man put yourself in a
situation where every day you go at work
you might have a gun stuck in your face
and be told to empty out the cash
register like any day like you're living
fear of that the people coming in might
rob you
I said I was at I have a routine I don't
socialize about go get coffee right
there's a 7-eleven I go to and I know
the motherfucking Mexican motherfucker
they work in here right and I was
outside a car and it was a black guy in
here I could tell him if I was looking
the black guy next thing you know I was
about to do a radio interview DC my man
Joe clear shut up and these
motherfuckers started rumbling like
fighting like going at it like fuck you
fuck you in my instinct was to try to go
help or do something and for a second I
was like all this is fucked up man stop
that did I was like Rhona out there
motherfucker I'm not getting it and they
finally they stop but it just it was
just weird like that kind of contact
unless yeah
you're stopping a man from doing that to
a woman or unless you're stopping
someone from hurting someone as much
motherfucker where for 7-eleven Joan
like he's defending whatever might have
been a can of spam or whatever the
situation is oh that's he's fighting
over I don't know what it was I don't
know what it was I'm pretty sure he's
accused guys shoplifting oh but he put
us especially in this day and age
wherever and in the state to where this
motherfucker was fighting he was
fighting for this shit to let it go yeah
you gotta let it go I'm like this
motherfucker you have especially cuz
you're just an employee
imagine having a fight for a can of spam
but that's an employment paid five
dollars an hour anyway in a whole damn
way what's minimums like you know
they're trying to make it 15 I don't
even know anybody that's making minimum
wage I know a few people I bet it's like
$11 I think is like 11 or 12 bucks yeah
yeah yeah Majan fighting someone for 11
or 12 bucks an hour they will fighting
to the death
okay Mexican they would home depot MMA
match they'll do the fight mask free
they don't give a fuck that's a yeah but
I would just like this goddamn what what
are you loyal to this company or are you
loyal to the fact that you're in there
protecting these 7-eleven Goods because
you're providing money for your family
but I'll say he doesn't even have a
fucking security guard like the guy
behind the counters gotta go but it was
just whack it was it was one dude one
dude no no he couldn't jump they
couldn't jump anything was one fucking
dude imagine being that dude it's in the
sketchy area with the late nights the
late night shift and just sitting there
looking out the window looking those
people you're in there like a little
target man I'm telling I would be more
fearful of that dude as in that
situation every day did a motherfucker
just coming in here yeah because he you
know he's played that scenario on his
head forever probably has to audio
button and everything yeah a lot of
people they catch people slipping all
the time it's just those videos you
watch on YouTube and you see someone get
shot or you see something at robbing
like man this is just a job just a
terrible job and you're gonna gun put in
your face
think about getting actually
mmm-hmm daddy I was I used to live in
Brooklyn and I Salinas area called fort
greene-clinton hill and it was in right
now beginning of being gentrified right
Spike Lee used to have a house right
down the street and I used to do a porch
a comedy poetry night
get a little money from the head or
whatever and one night I'm going to the
weed spot all right I'm like fuck I'm
gonna go get some weed I've got the
weeds by two motherfuckers rolled up on
me and I know I was in gentrified
neighborhood because my hood senses were
down I should have never been looking
down to my father's Road me give me a
shit motherfucker oh shit it was like
where this motherfucker said wear the
jewelry cuz I'm not a flashy type of
Prayer he said where the jewel where the
phone at motherfuck I was like I don't
travel like that I don't get down like
that
this mother said are you a broke
motherfucker you calling me broke and
you fucking robbing me out like what the
fuck somebody didn't raise you right
that makes no sense and I was still
gonna go to the Wiis buggers I still had
a couple bucks in my pocket right but I
was like it would be just my luck I go
to the weed spot and the same
motherfucker that robbed me is in the
goddamn weed spot yeah but that shit was
like people and and when it happened to
me I felt fucked up I felt so violated
cuz I'm like you a bitch I would respect
you more if you mug me
you know like beat me up for my money
but to pull a gun out and have that
advantage and think you tough that shit
was so fucked up and I felt so violated
on the inside I was thinking like
probably what most white dudes think you
know what I'm gonna jump for the gun
like you I'm thinking probably do you
think I'm gonna disarm them cuz I know
you got to move it somebody put I know
you you know something and somebody put
a gun to you you'll be like and then
next thing you know the gun did be in
their face I was thinking that shit but
I was like if I miss people have a
distorted idea what they can do
especially if the guy's got a gun yeah
you have a real distorted idea of how
quickly you can move through space like
all this person has to do is this that's
it that's a great equalizer
so that's what the movement like that
kid can kill you and that's was the
reason why I didn't go with how I felt
on the hints you have to
give them the money it's just uh yeah
you're right it's a it's a bitch way to
do things but it is just a it's a part
of society that most people never use
most people never pull a gun on people
to get what they want but some people do
it's a real thing and it's uh it's a
it's one of the weakest thing someone
can do it is it felt in you but it also
you feel powerless but it also come on
the other side on the other side it can
protect you you know I watched a video
today of these games the other side on
in places that we talk about is for the
other side where places where it's legal
like you know the only people that have
guns for protection and I'm speaking I
live in New York was the police legally
right legally yeah that's where it gets
real crazy right like then it's like
California is the opposite California
it's not that hard to get a gun you know
people would think that California be
way more liberal than New York but New
York it's very difficult to get a
handgun you can get like a personal
carry not just for like if you I know if
you a business you carry a certain
amount of money you can get a gun in
California you can get it just by having
a clean record yeah you can get it for
your home yeah Nevada has really
interesting well excuse me Arizona has
real interest motherfucker pick this up
for a short time his shit was yeah
Arizona you could have it out yeah yeah
it's a open carry state that's the
equalizer that shuts down so great
Arizona yeah that's Arizona right yeah
it's all Wild West down there I know for
sure I've seen a guy that was I had a
gay guy he was not only our driver but
he was he had a shit ring like Joe
exotic right he's in Oklahoma so he's
walking around yeah they must have it
open carry law doesn't the funniest ever
but it's so many people connected with
different personalities and I'm watching
this shit like like this motherfuckers
really crazy I was like but he's think
he was the probably the originator of
trolling he was a marketing gee if you
think about it yeah he was a marketing
genius
every time you thought you had him he
knew how to flip it but then he got like
what most trolls do they go too hard he
turned it to Takashi's 16 high there's
like bruh you got enough followers
brother
yes look at you win do fucking hard
that's what it was hard
and that lady went and got him yep it
didn't I guess he was so used to trying
to win that and eventually he lost by
trying to win so hard well he was just
Karl fucking yo he was what Karl fucking
basket yo he was funny with that shit it
was hilarious
it was very very obviously he had a sick
obsession with her though it's not like
it's a it's it's cute when you're
watching a documentary that doesn't
affect you personally when you're
watching you know seven episodes of this
guy shooting a Carol Baskin dummy I
don't think he had as much obsession
with her as he had obsession with Fame
and people talking about him and he knew
that she was the right person to keep
talking about to give him the fame he
wanted I believe like he knew his boys
everybody that ain't gonna give him the
headline I think it was also she was
going after his business saying that he
she she apparently has a different
philosophy on sanctuary
yeah what she does is different saving
him yeah and she's not into the cub
pettings right there's a whole cub
petting industry apparently so that she
was reporting them on that and you know
his argument was like what the fuck are
you doing right
anytime you putting a big cat in a cage
right doing the same thing is you
treating it better in the cage so you
have a holier than thou attitude it's
crazy you know these things should be
wild this should be loose in the wild
and this should be a few of them maybe
that are if there's a worry about
extinction a few of them that are
isolated somewhere but to have it like
that but I probably braids they probably
had similar um they both had similar
personality traits because they gave a
fuck and didn't give a fuck at the same
time both um shits I mean that but her
shit came on the most more peaceful side
his shit was a aggressive nature he was
you want my fucking what but that shit
was funny oh I got a lot I would like
watching him blow shit up bro but look
at him walking around with the knee
brace on the guns out and the fucking
permanent
eyeliner I mean he's just he's right out
of a movie no when they showed a picture
with him with his three husbands I like
this movie and they're both saying
they're straight I'm straight
you can saw you know you can do that
right now right Joe you know that right
now right straight guys can you can they
say this is what I've heard on the
streets in certain diagnosed a with
speech then this is what I'm saying I
understand that this were Muslim outlets
right said you could suck a dick twice
no no what still three then you would be
gay okay you wanna suck a dick twice so
first is a test second is confirm your
test so I get double-blind
placebo-controlled dick suck it study it
is but it's only two like the same
process in a comedy club to drink
minimum
like this is what I heard in those
streets I don't know those streets but
you could do it they got a new shit
called fluid Oh gender fluid you're back
and forth judge the fluid means like
they don't matter actually orientation
fluid or gender fluid would be your boy
or girl you go back and forth from being
a boy and a girl yeah it's like any
party you go to you win mmm you know
it's like never sausage party not to me
chips you always fucking win it's all
confusing well yeah it is all confusing
I don't know do whatever you want do
that's all you can do if you want do
whatever you want to do just be should
be that big of a deal it's the problem
is this big of a deal for other people
like that's that's where it really
becomes a problem right if someone is
anything whether they're very masculine
very feminine very gay very straight the
problem is not what they're doing the
problem is how other people think about
what they're doing and whether or not
they give them a hard time for if they
think it's wrong it's not it's not for
you to judge if it's wrong exactly
that's where when when it comes to like
religion like why do people focus that's
a big one that I always get weirded out
with about respect particularly with
Christians it's like why do you care
because if you if you really want to
focus on the Bible there's so much shit
in there that you're not supposed to be
doing you're not supposed to eat
shellfish you're not supposed to eat sir
what tips do animals you're not supposed
to wear different two different types of
cloth like if you want to follow the old
school that dog nobody wants to follow
to the
you you why do they care about the gay
part though why is that part like it's a
freedom issue it's very clear that those
two guys whether they're gay or straight
they wanted to suck Joe exotics dick
okay that's why they were the owner they
wanted to you hanging around with Tigers
they might down the meet they did it
because they like Tigers so the sukkah
dicks so they can hang out with Tigers
right but for whatever reason they
decided that doing it was better than
not doing it particularly his both of
them could have beat the fuck out of him
anytime they wanted to that one guy was
gigantic does it one young kid like the
model looking dead it was a gorilla he
was fucking gigantic with huge ass hands
I know you don't want to beat the shit
out of that dude but the one I would've
beat the guy with three teeth he would
have beat the shit out of him too yeah
that's what I liked it get right in that
gap oh you had a toothless blowjob from
a tattooed motherfucking you live it
tattooed motherfucker with your name
tattooed above is there yeah
promising right didn't it say something
like that something what did it say but
almost Tiger motherfuckers freakery in
some kind of way they were all freaky
but I you know I feel like it's it
almost doesn't seem real it's the show
so crazy there doesn't seem it's so
crazy that a lot of people feel like
it's played out like people talk about
it too much
yeah because it just hit it was good but
the thing about it when I say marketing
whatever he knew everything we do record
that shit
this is that the same guys at a
different one not a look like they don't
know he's gotta see that what the tattoo
is that's like Halloween right there
check no there's another one above his
dick that he got covered up with a bull
there it is right there bang go
Charlamagne ago right there what does it
say privately owned yeah Joe exotic
privately owned and literally turned it
into scribbles and a bull he can still
see the actual light he decided not
totally cover it that's like indicative
of his whole life did you see the follow
up
did you see the follow up they did he
was like he was up said yeah a tattoo
artist was low offended because they
didn't give his properties intent
swept up Yoda please they fear not the
fact that was blowing his do like yeah
yeah we didn't like the way that tattoo
was tatted well it didn't that's why I
got confused I thought that they were
all on meth right didn't hit someone but
what didn't that guy say that he hasn't
done anything in like four years I think
he said that wasn't from math or
something oh okay
hey what is what it is yeah but um it
was hit by an animal that's true too
like a lot of hockey players have no
fucking teeth but they that's a badge of
honor frog he plays they don't give they
got enough they like fuck this she like
to take him out and show you in Canada
you see a mouth like that you think he's
a millionaire and fucking and fucking
Ohio is like that month was hitting that
myth have you ever seen the photograph
for that old school hockey player who
has all these scars all over his face no
I don't know do you know I'm talking
about Jamie it's it was a recreation of
every scar this guy had ever had on his
face over his career I there's a it's a
famous photograph and you could see
these it mean it looks like he's just
been in a fucking box cutter fight his
whole face is just butchered yeah cuz
all they did was look at this guy's face
yeah that's it and what was it it may
get large yeah yeah bro he's a goalie
before they were mask bro then like when
I'm casting surgery facilities in LA
dude he was a goalie before they used
fucking masks look he was just straight
face they would just take it in the mug
son you mentioned a guy slap sticking
one of those fucking hard-ass pucks
how fast can they make those things go
now they can make him go well over 100
hundred 20 by 40 oh my god really
I'll check fastest lap shot yeah I think
it's you have you seen that photo of
that dude who does that long drive with
the golf club do you know I'm talking
about this is Jeff deulim there's this
really jack dude who hits this guy he's
got this crazy step through happy
Madison or happy gilmore type stroke to
it and he makes the ball four you know
so he one of those outdoor ranges it
flies over the back net it's the most
ridiculous thing I've ever seen in my
life oh you probably saw a clip of
somebody hitting it out like
the top shotgun you see but you've seen
that one guy who step sideways he steps
to it like happy gilmore ladies about to
kill it it's bonkers how far that thing
flies I want to find out where wasn't it
he holds the maybe he looks like a bass
but he's big dude he looks like he looks
like a pro baseball player but he holds
the long-distance world record for for a
golf ball drive like drove it the
furthest so he holds the record dude
it's the craziest shit I've ever seen in
my life and I don't follow hockey like
that I've been to one hockey match I was
in New York I think the Rangers played
somebody but I've been to a couple
they're fun it's wild in person you know
it's on TV there's a lot of things like
that stand-up is a good example there's
a lot of things like that we see it on
TVs like jazz looks good
but if you're there like oh shit you'll
escape that's what it would the interest
for me then you know yeah I'm black you
go to hockey my you like you just want
to see a fight you like this monition
you don't even know who's playing who
you like oh shit he just fucked him up
do so how to fight now
there's some hockey fights where you
watch guys throw like crisp punches like
with technique you know oh Jesus you
think they trained for a hundred percent
oh you're saying yeah you can fight it's
the only sport where you can fight like
look you do you practice hitting the
puck yeah okay we'll practice beating
the fuck out of people can I do that -
that's protective part of the game part
of the game is beating the fuck out of
each other that's the wood there's no
other sport just stop and think about
that no no other sport we could fight
bare-knuckle in the middle of an
ice-skating rink at a drop of a hat well
yeah if they continued and continued to
be friends at the internet shit and the
referees I'll let you do it they step
back yeah they never like keep talking -
they never like fuck ya'll meseta
mars-like ba pop I got it there's some
videos that dudes getting flatline no
it's different than it was back in the
day cuz back in the day they were tough
guys who knew how to skate and could
maybe fight a little bit and so they'd
grab each other's fucking their jackets
or grab their or their clothes and
they'd be punching each other slam and
move it all now dudes are hitting guys
with hip throws and slamming them onto
the ice and knocking him unconscious I
seen a dude about hit a guy with a
perfect counter right
and a dude swung at him he backed up
like this too right there let it pass
right yeah just hit victim oh that guy
could fight that's a that's a guy with
real skills that's a smart motherfucker
yeah he just stood right in front of the
guy who let the guy threw a punch and
then BOOM
I could even imagine having that you
know you might have to fight to balance
yourself on skates it's just like do get
it I wonder how you compare that like
this guy this guy he jacks it God didn't
even really run up to he's called the
swing man I'm saying here's a run up to
it but he picks his leg up it's a weird
watches move see that you got a bunch of
videos of him 106 miles an hour for the
fastest laps that's insane that's so
fast with that puck 106 miles an hour
that puck hits you in the face
some people can pitch that faster right
I don't want the world record of pitches
whats the world record pitch well just
when I guess my guess 111 is that
ridiculous 105 yoader's Chapman damn
that's funny how do you hit that his
mother be connected with this shit how
many times can they throw that fast
that's he can do it a couple times in a
row I think he burns his arm up pretty
fast
I would imagine how could you not burn
your arm out think of how much explosion
is involved in this god damn that was a
that was a blink of an eye it's
interesting like the mechanics of when
you watch a real amazing pitcher this is
crazy body torque going on look at this
whip there's so much in that man there's
like there's so much mechanical movement
and leverage in your legs does that
recent coordinates like within the last
10 years nine years ago
there's his video of the bird that's
flying by right when the pitch comes at
it and I quoted it slow my big cat
explodes that's crazy was it Randy
Johnson yes right oh yeah Randy Johnson
a rocket he used to tear shit up it was
exciting he I don't know when his during
his era people were excited because all
in the news artists watch this
he hit the bird right in mid
lighten the burden sploded imagine - at
the end for that birdie like how the
fuck look at the world has a plan here's
your plan birdie oh yeah ceremony level
nothing know that birds dead as fuck
imagine that I mean that dudes throwing
a hundred miles an hour right or 90s
ultimate something told me not to turn
right there oh no just went right by it
I guess one-minute video mechanics did
go back to that the video again the part
were Randy Johnson look at look at the
mechanics at how he throws his body into
that pitch look at this you step off
there's so much good it's like a little
coordinated movement he's really in any
matter yeah what support can leverage no
matter what's 11 who's that big just
think about all that leverage man plus
he can reach almost a foot closer if not
more than that than any other picture so
he's literally releasing it at a closer
distance than anybody else you know so
yeah last time that's true it's a good
way to look at it that leverages never
just interesting man you know cuz it's
such a it's such a huge factor in some
sports you ever throw a pitch out no way
I embarrassed my shoulder it's just like
your ego goes yeah one shot of 50 cent
throwing a pitch out and he looks so gay
doing it was funny he probably had that
deleted from the internet I just saw
this yesterday I don't know why it was
coming around but this is bo Jackson
throwing somebody out flat-footed from
the outfield that's not the sorry it's
not this one but it's his next one bo
Jackson was one of the freakiest
athletes of all time his arm was so
crazy where everything was crazy if he
didn't get hurt in that football game
look at this jumps off the wall so he
avoids all the impacts literally just
ran up the wall yeah Bobo knew
everything
he's a very amazing
that was just to sports play to sports
but world class at both sports it wasn't
until the football injury that uh he had
to get hip replacement and that one of
must he was the first person you picked
like I got this motherfucker what sport
in everything anything and everything
there's certain dues just have the the
perfect build the perfect genetics and
then work ethic another one is a
Herschel Walker the kershel Walker
destroyed yeah they say he like he can
barely like he can barely walk now he'll
still fuck you up
Herschel Walker was he was fucking
people up in Strikeforce when he was in
his late 40s I was thinking Earl
Campbell
I don't think Herschel Walker has bad
knees he was fighting almost until he
was 50 he was fighting in Strikeforce a
ya know that yeah Herschel Walker at
4849 whatever he was what he's fighting
looked like a 30 year old perfect
specimen of an athlete he didn't look
like a an older athlete like you and
something did really strain of Dwight
it looks like he's fuckin world-class
ripped full six-pack super jacked f40
what's what is his age there what is it
for you
48 look that right there yes
dude look at the build on this fucking
guy and he destroyed the student
Strikeforce he beat a few guys he was
undefeated in MMA and the way he would
beat these guys was just first of all he
had a long martial arts background like
done martial arts before I didn't I've
never known any of this but he's got
such a crazy disciplined work ethic that
like his body is still in pristine shape
in his late 40s now I don't know if he's
taking hormones or anything here but
either way the way this guy looked in
his 40s in a way I mean just like his
face his face yeah that's crazy that guy
would do push-ups and sit-ups and
bodyweight squats and and shit over
weightlifting that was like his big
thing was that he did mostly
calisthenics I had no idea that he ever
did dude Herschel Walker was
but dude his that's the thing when he
started fighting people were like oh you
know he's like a guy who still wants to
compete who used to be world class at
something he probably won't be good at
fighting right he's fucking look at it
would me just look at it didn't look
like it was just like a show like no no
he looks like a professional mixed
martial arts fighter I wouldn't say look
like the best in the world but he was a
professional and he even went to one of
the best gyms in the world he went to
aka where Jas in San Jose it's one of
the best mixed martial arts Cain
Velasquez Daniel Cormier John Fitch Josh
Koscheck mean go down the list while he
trained with some of the top haters came
out of there yeah it's a great gym and
they have been training world-class
fighters forever so he went to the Lions
Den he would nurmagomedov train who went
Mike Swick trained there I mean it's
those it was the Comedy Store
he went to comics he went to comedy
right in there and he trade there look
at that look at that build come on man
who the fuck looks like that in the late
40s and does professional cage fighting
after a long career in the NFL special
man he was no idea oh my god dude and
I'm telling you every fight was like
this every fight was like a man versus
watched a lot you watched fight watch
them all of course you do i watch
everything yeah yeah that's a dumb
question
i watch a lot of shit yeah yeah a lot of
audio books too
I do you read a lot you read a lot of
mostly read articles but I get my books
are consumed my books in the audio form
because I can do other shit like I can
go on a walk when I was taught by Dawn I
would listen to a book when I was
talking to the person who helped me with
the candle as and I got the fact about
the whale shit I was like this
motherfucker is going to be all over
this shit ambergris I knew it I was like
this is right up his sperm whales of
crazy this just to dissolve beaks
that's what I mean like pearls right
that's just like a coating that Oster
puts over a rock or something that's
inside its mouth isn't that what it is
and then he gets irritated and creates
his coating and puts it over and becomes
super
how long but then but that's over well
it can't be a long time because or it's
just not don't live us a lot what's the
time it's good criteria to develop Perl
let's just guess is a total guess how
long do you think an oyster stays alive
if you had a guess like how old is an
oyster get I'll say I'll say 15 years
Wow
I was gonna say 3 a wonderful thing No
well do you know about to be paroled up
I think they don't know how old sharks
get well it takes I just like it takes
two to four years for it to form the
Pearl
they live anywhere from 2 to 41 years 41
years for a noiseless Joe Oh Joe
no I was closest no you say so - its 273
I'm one away 41 that's like well
sometimes babies die when they're one
day old how old the people oh okay I'll
give it to you I was closer to a life
expectancy I thought it was like like
octopus because octopus is real quick
right octopus are real smart but they I
think they have a very short life span I
think octopus the brain of a human
they're fucking clever they're clever
and they're mean is shit and they're
smart yeah they're like an evil alien
that's what they say look they're in the
same family mollusk yeah yeah yeah so
like that's why it's similar to prayers
a crustacean the same it was a mosque
isn't the related so not they're not
like the same same but is a shellfish a
crustacean because the crab is a
crustacean right I just like the same
big words they are all I like crustacean
craft crustacean that's what the only
time I use their word voiced by valve in
the octopi gastropod or cephalo yeah I
was the pod that's right life expectancy
what's the cephalopod it would take two
to four years depending on yeah yeah
right okay yeah we have two of
four years is nothing for something
that's smart that's what's so weird
imagine you're that smart they can't
live long a net motherfucker dummy tools
there's no doctors and yeah they do grow
their limbs back and when men when males
and females breed sometimes the female
just decides to kill the male and eat it
females are larger so happens quarantine
that's come out of quarantine
motherfucker if we make this all your
limbs we're gonna eat that shit a male's
octopus his dick is also his limbs what
does it say the largest bivalve is the
giant clam which reaches a length of
four feet and weighs 500 pounds holy
shit holy shit did you know that I a
four foot clam that weighs 500 pounds
that's crazy that's like the Little
Mermaid lives in there is it part of a
menu I mean do people know we should eat
the fuck out of that thing you know at
least 500 years old it's also the oldest
known animal can live to 500 years old
to to 500 years ago raising um
octopuses dick is also its tentacles and
sometimes it has to give up its dick
it'll like let an arm separate so that
the female doesn't eat it because the
male's would just jack it to dick that
he thought will they eat the arm
they'll take his dick which is also his
arm but take one of his tentacles and
they'll eat that and like it's almost
like you said like here eat my arm I'm
not so what it was back dude it's the
craziest shit ever there's a lot of
videos of it female octopuses just jack
male octopuses and kill them and eat
them when they sick or the arm you don't
know their whole body is the same and
they stuff them they stuff them into
like holes in the reef and just peck
away on for days yo why do you sell as
much that way you got more excited about
more and more and more fascinated by
that shit you're fast but this is
something to be fascinated by because
this is a living thing that we can look
if we found this on another planet we'd
be freaking the fuck out if they sent
one of those probes those like Mars
probes to another planet and they found
this just laying in an ocean somewhere
and they studied this this is
the life form on this planet that's
dominant and sometimes the females which
are super intelligent sometimes they
just killed the males and eat them
that's what this guy is doing this this
girl rather is killing this guy she's
killing him right now she strangling him
and and biting him play by play
that's might have been one of the most
impressive things I've seen their mean
of octopus getting ain't no mean it
tastes good too they taste real good but
they're smart
calamari all day that's squid I don't
think they're smart no oh yeah I'll
stake squid or that smart this they
smart who's smarter I love color oh
that's true set what is the other one
that does cuttlefish little shit ones
the ones that blow up no there that's a
puffer yeah
cuttlefish is like this weird thing
that's like it's not quite a squid it's
not quite an octopus but it looks a lot
like them it's a similar thing and it
can change colors and there's Suki
that's what it looks like that thing's
freaky but get a video see if there's a
video this is these things just to do a
cuttlefish camouflage do they look
exactly like their surrounding and they
just jack things like that
so they blend in perfectly with the
environment even the texture they can
look like coral look at that they can
look like the rocks on the bottom they
look like all kinds of different things
and they can change really quickly to
blend in with whatever the background is
they're freaky man that's crazy they're
really freaky what did it taste like
fucking anything what that's right I
think they taste people eat them I know
that anything they eat cuttlefish I
think it's like a like a luxury fish
it's like you know very I think it's
highly sought-after in some ethnic
cooking's right like Asian style
cooking's I know I've had it I know I've
had it yeah cuttlefish cooking tips mmm
yeah I don't know yeah well you do elk
so cuttlefish is now you can't be that
much difference I know you could sell me
on it because I try different things but
certain places you go your net
yeah people love that chowing down on
dude that looks good as fuck that looks
real good but looks weird looks like an
alien thing yeah Cadiz is just like
squid she says if you saw that on
another planet if they found an animal
underwater another planet that could
change color and blend in with its
environment they don't even know how the
fuck it does that they don't know how
they do that they watch them do that and
they try to figure out how the fuck this
thing instantly mimics that texture of
coral and blends right in but that's
years evolution oh for sure but I mean
it's it's beyond what anything else on
this planet can do like that you look at
like what we can do we did you shit we
reproduce yes any act of that is the
simplest thing you could do in your life
the act of reproduction oh my it's a oh
it makes the you know not much later
you're responsible for something true
yeah and it's your body's program to
want that more than anything to
reproduce or do such that you get this
oh yeah
but the program for that and to
reproduce though ultimately that's
what's crazy about so that's what
somebody could say so my cheat day was
like I would just feed in my need to
reproduce you can't say I was just being
unfaithful I don't think that's gonna
fly okay but it's amazing that it was
very much of our society is based on the
sexual desire right it really is just a
call to reproduce so if girls ass and
girl with big tits and small waist like
you see that it's like a program that
runs in the brain that gets the by
saying oh you you need to get go you
need to make just look yeah but it is
something that come that becomes get to
a mental part too and that's what that
happens with women and guys you know
some people should meet up for dates and
get tested once they get testing
everywhere people should meet up for
dates get tested and then go out but
kind of a fun little thing to do yeah it
would be it would be I would tell it's
gonna go back to that second wave yeah
somebody's gonna slip through some eyes
like you know it's like I wish I knew
that's the case I don't know I don't
know in situation
this situation it's gonna change for so
much shit bruh the way people think
about so much things and it's gonna you
know ultimately it'll make us a better
people or a better place it'll change a
lot but we're still very fortunate and
we should just use this time to make a
better situation for ourselves I said we
can do that I say that too I say that to
people I was like it's easy to get down
it's easy to have an excuse why you
don't want to do something but you know
or you could challenge it and that's
what it is the real problem is people
with families that lost their job that's
a real problem being able to put food on
the table people being able to you know
they want to get their business back up
how can they possibly make a living
again it's not like anything else where
people lost their business
didn't make any bad mistakes you know if
a certain if a person makes a bunch of
bad mistakes and they lose their
business they kind of at least know what
happened but when all of a sudden if
you've been working hard your whole life
and you have a successful business and
then boom the floor falls out in a month
yeah but I will say truck I mean what I
get from troubling that they have been
or trying to be as aggressive with
keeping small businesses alive more than
anything yeah and that's a good move
it's very important small businesses but
you know they're dirty there was a thing
today and I think was Washington Post
where they were talking about how
they're already out of that money that
they deemed for small business loans
they're dirty this is reason because I
know when I went back for more money
that was today yeah I was reading
something today I don't know what paper
it was but it was they were Washington
Post all of them all of them
and it's basically saying that they need
to figure out how to keep doing this if
they're gonna if we're gonna social
distance protect particularly in
California like we did the idea is May
19th now or May 15th is that what it is
may 15th I think 15,000 now yeah I mean
and how are they gonna start it back up
and what are they gonna do start it back
up and what what are people gonna be
like like how long it's gonna take for
everybody settles back in again you know
they don't they don't really know they
don't but it feels like if they they
ease it up or ease it up that that's
gonna be more for like you say
people that work mm-hmm right yeah
that's where the issue would come in is
like how people gonna feel comfortable
going to work right if we were talking
about guys work at grocery stores right
right you used to work in the grocery
store it was just a job now it's a job
that could kill you
like what like doesn't you pay that well
imagine a job that doesn't pay to kill
you now so imagine being there right now
and deal with these people coughing and
walking back and forth
everywhere you look all these new people
all your being constantly exposed to
these peoples air and he used to just be
a regular job now sudden it's a regular
job that might get you so sick you could
die like fuck that's why I J but this is
bigger coach other you got a fucking
raise that minimum wage now watch that's
gonna probably happen well I guarantee
that will probably happen this is what
we're realizing in all of this is that
if you do have a crisis this is the good
thing the vast majority of people comply
with what's needed to you know stay home
just go to the supermarket do essential
things come back just stay home let's
just let this shit die off let the
people that have it right now let them
get to a point where they're not
transmitting it to anybody else anymore
everybody stay away from each other and
let's just nip this shit in the bud and
the way you look at it in terms of like
different philosophies in different
places that have done it some places
have not been so aggressive and they've
experienced a lot of cases and you could
say well yeah but those people they're
gonna it's gonna go through their immune
system quicker and they'll be able to go
back to work quicker much hmm yeah I
don't know I don't know but i do know
that california has a very low number of
deaths and in particular and a low
number of it's it's a low number of
people that have gotten gravely ill in
comparison to the size the state like if
you compare it to New York which is a
very high population of five like 5.5
million in Brooklyn alone and everyone's
on top and everybody's like why so it's
so shocked it is an epic epicenter is
because everybody's dead everybody up in
the sky it's all about like when do you
jump like when do you make a move and
California made a move a little bit
quicker you know and it's it's that's
that's really what it is like who acts
the quickest and you got to do and I do
understand like the tough mandates
because you have to lay it down because
people will be easy
yeah and lacks with it they are but
there's also people that are getting too
much of a kick out of telling people
what to do you know like they're kicking
people out of parks when it's like a
family of three and there's no one else
in the park like come on like relax
there's no one here if you're there and
there's no one else there leave the
fucking people alone let them enjoy the
park now if other people come and they
get too close to each other then step in
and stop them but I mean we're said if
they do it like that there's always
gonna be somebody's gonna try to push it
so I can I get into I'll be like fucking
nobody
yeah I mean like I took my son for a
walk the other day and like he's doesn't
really know what's going on but he knows
what's going on and he was on his little
scooter right and I'm like he was just
happy to be out right just you know and
he had his mask when I was like is that
the future you know the little met that
little mess I'm like we're gonna get so
weird with each other I mean if you
wanted a formula right if you were if
you if you want to be a real conspiracy
theorist and you want a formula to get
people to to more more easily be
separated and more easily given to the
future of machines taking over the world
this is what you do you give him a
fucking disease where they can't even be
human anymore they can't hug each other
they can't kiss they can't even get
close because they're worried they're
gonna get a disease is gonna kill them
so what do you make them do on top of
that you make them wear a mask so now
you can't even see each other's facial
expressions you can't even look a person
in the eye you just see like a you see
only yeah but something is gonna make I
understand present but something is
gonna make those people feel more
comfortable it's quicker testing with
quicker results a vaccine I don't know
how long it's gonna take together but
something is gonna give people a vote of
confidence and that's gonna be with
those numbers of like people want
excited by legs like what is it what is
it call flattened out they like oh shit
flatten the curve
yes flattened occur it's gonna be
something to give people more confidence
and then when people have more
confidence some people gonna push it
right and some people gonna be like it
like we say it's gonna be the new normal
they're gonna be don't taking extra
precautions
I don't know next time I'll do a
meet-and-greet right a meet-and-greet
that part of pretty much that part of
our businesses when we gone for it
for some time for sure do you remember
that Spring Break footage of those kids
they caught down in Mexico yeah going
crazy or is it Florida Florida Florida
is not American right that is not
America so they go down there I mean if
you're from Florida relax I'm joking
they're not gonna relax relax they're
gonna be okay for fun I was in Florida
this is Wendy Nilsen they'll blame it on
me for $59 he hated Florida kill him
those kids watching those kids on the
beach oh because there was no laws there
was no law yet so these kids move slow
and they were like the last state right
they were last tape
well they Florida just said that
professional wrestling is an essential
business really that's true what is the
exact statement cuz I don't wanna
because it sounds so ridiculous I don't
want to fuck this I they said they rush
to judgment I think they might have just
really things no did they really with it
now no no original originally yeah yeah
oh be taping this weekend but if a show
a show it says show that gives people
jobs and it's produced it's create jobs
other people couldn't that be considered
essential job to the people that work
there yes so every jobs essential then
that's what I was trying to say yeah the
WWE is now considered essential service
in Florida it's a service officials in
the state permitted employees and
professional sports and medium
production with the national audience to
hold an event if it is closed to the
public
yeah I think you should be able to if
you test everybody and everybody's
negative and it like again test takes 15
minutes and apparently they're working
on ones that work a lot can I say that
Joss said that's what it's gonna shift
like I say people getting somewhat a
little bit of a vote of confidence when
you know that uh you could get results
wrap it yeah I want to know if they made
it in a lab or I wanna know I mean the
virus itself to the the
theory is not cool on not even that they
made it in a lab that's not what they
think what they do think is it escaped
from a lab and that this was something
that they were working on in this lab
with the very same type of bats they
were working on in this lab this was
reported by Nunn and Fox News I believe
they have a lab there than working on
bats are they working on viruses and
they came from the very area it's not
that's not possible to pretend it's
impossible seems a little crazy for me
that bet I heard it might be Matt bet
story was somebody my bet my story was
bat and a snake was involved what is
some kind of way
there's a Pangolin people thought that
it was a that bats like this was someone
told me that bats transferred over to
pangolins which is this weird fucking
armadillo looking creature I know it's a
little funny look weird thing yeah I
know it's like a dinosaur looking thing
yeah and that somehow another that got
to people but then they thought it was a
lady who was patient zero who worked
next to a stand that was selling bats
but this article claims that the wet
market the whole reason why that story
got out it was a cover story for the
fact that it escaped from their lab but
of course that sounds so much like a
plot in a movie like it's too almost too
attractive every other news reporting
like CNN and NBC is this says that the
US officials are now looking into that
unverified theory pushed by yesterday it
doesn't say Fox movie this whole thing
feels like 100% like a movie like to see
Times Square
yeah with nobody nobody yeah nobody my
friend John Joseph took a run off across
the Brooklyn Bridge today and took a
picture of him standing talking top of
the Brooklyn Bridge on his Instagram and
behind him it's just empty like like I
am Legend Chet yeah it's like there's
people in the background you can see
them way far in the background but a
normal day I'm doing Brooklyn people
walk you get hit trying to but I believe
that it's going to my belief don't mean
may not mean too much anybody but has to
start back up again when is the big
question and what is it going to be like
you know I I hope people just happen to
be a continuation of
I think it'd be a continuation of what's
going on down now going on right now
with the social distancing and stuff but
it's just like businesses aren't opening
because this but this is gonna be this
is gonna be six foot it's gonna be six
feet mask and everything for a while you
can believe that shit for a while yeah
imagine the people that were already
germ freaks right
they'll Brittany I was like I said
nobody's a germ free Neal Brennan and
white people knew Neal Brennan and white
podcasters knew that this was going to
happen they knew they knew it was gonna
be a point where we're not gonna go on a
road we'll be good
in Neal Britain is a germophobe and I
laughed at him I even called him gay for
um fist bumping everybody he knew he did
it where you go I never thought this was
happening you knew it could happen there
was somewhere in your imagination I know
there was a scenario or story you if
anybody would have been like what if I
think you've seen this movie and your
brain I've seen a bunch of movies in my
brain that's what bothers me
what bothers me is complacency and I
think it's real easy for people to just
keep on keeping on and I think if you
look at a lot of the problems that we
have in our culture are from poor
decision-making and more people choose
comfort over doing a smarter thing it's
harder to do that's gonna help your life
the easy road yeah it's real real real
real real real real real real common
with people it's a part of you it's part
of me I have it in myself we all have it
we all fight it right this is making you
realize what's really important you're
100 percent
me losing weight is not about me looking
good it's about me staying alive like it
might be the difference between me dying
from this shit or skating through it it
makes you and then it makes you think
about it when we weren't thinking about
it at all exactly the way we were think
about think about it you see you the
date I've seen motherfuckers you go to a
muhfucka Airport motherfuckers you know
quick piss in and out or whatever you
got motherfucker just like gotta quit
come right out to join don't watch your
hands or anything clearly I didn't even
think I was I
I know about washing hands whatever but
I didn't know that
hand sanitizer was that gangsta yo
people have handsome ties was gay like I
owe you all missed older mofo but then
you realize those precaution is moving
forth those are gonna help us yeah you
gotta be on you gotta understand that
every surface that you touch has been
touched by a bunch of other people it
has the potential to have something on
it and that's just how it is
it doesn't mean you shouldn't touch
things anymore just be real careful what
you do with your face afterwards it's
like a conscious face that you take for
granted for grant is like it's easy it's
easy just like hey what's up I know that
but the other thing is the stuff that
you get in contact with your immune
system gets stronger when you're in
contact with more things like kids
particularly when they're young they say
you know these two have what would they
called chickenpox
apparently I read about it yeah I think
it's just a common thing that Americans
did back before they gave kids vaccines
for it once you got your pops it was
about to be a sleepover mmm apparently
it's real bad when you get it when
you're an adult yeah not good yeah same
with the measles measles well measles
kills kids to do the funny if you say if
you have an adult with chicken pox you
like where the fuck did you go have you
been chicken Bob's mother fuck and by
the way how do you not get vaccinated
for that by this time okay there's a
chicken pox vaccine right I had it when
I was kid you can tell the old mothers
got this shit right there
yeah well that's also is that chicken
pox that one or is that Isis I think
that's smallpox to these measles we got
it there's a bunch of vaccinations
shaking apart check our vaccinations
scarred us up we're kids right I had one
in my arm like my whole life I had this
weird scar and the top my old school
Scott there's chicken look at you lately
oh you got one of those like old school
yeah 1995 the vaccine of varicella
before the 1/4 million cases a year
that's crazy old Hren that's crazy
who's gonna be mm-hmm
there's going to be a comedy club that
says fucking let's get opening somebody
do it somebody gonna do it you just
can't make people sign waivers say the
the club's not responsible if you get
sick you know is that they're
responsible to do is that irresponsible
do I don't know is it look tell people
to get tested tell them to get tested
when it's available when testings
readily available and treatments are
readily available
I think only then are we gonna relax
yeah I said it yep then the question
it's like what do you how do you tell
people that you don't have it like if
you go to a bar are they gonna are you
gonna submit to having a nap that's
probably some type I heard in Wuhan or
whatever they have some type of system
where it is an app where I guess you
register and you could scan and see I
know there has to be in development - I
was just talking to somebody about it I
don't know exactly what it is but I
think that that technology exists
do you follow Willie D from the ghetto
boys yeah go to his Instagram and he's
got a post where there's a company
that's sticking a microchip in these
people's arms they hired a fucking
professional tattooist and piercer a
professional piercer and what could that
has to come back for you to get what the
fuck imagine if your company tells you
to I know I know you don't want to bring
keys you know fine bringing keys
everywhere just can give you a little
microchip I'm gonna make sure you're
showing up to work on time enough to
punch in anymore
you're all set you're gonna go for it
they're going for it in this video
laughing and joking around about it that
is real right we can get hoaxes do we
get hosts cuz it was a it's a new story
I don't know about it on his page but
I'd know I know exactly we're talking
about someone real good this company
embeds microchips in its employees and
they love it and I see employees at
times you know I got RFID chips in their
hands those are probably people that
know that
anything they probably know that
anything that the government wants to
find out about you they could find it
out whenever they want look at this when
Patrick McMullan wants a diet dr. pepper
while he's at work he pays for it with a
wave of his hand Oh we'll definitely
don't carry credit cards anymore that's
too hard to do there's this dude it's
let him put a microchip in you pay it
with a wave of your hand
I think LaGuardia one of the airports in
New York has got the experimental thing
going where they have in one of the
terminals a place where you can go shop
you just swipe your credit card when you
walk in and usually with whatever you
got and they charge you like like those
Amazon stores it's the same technology I
guess Amazon's licensing it out well
that make sense it's still a credit card
though like it's not a chip Dam this is
or you don't waive your card I think you
just have your phone with you kind of
and it's just like knows that you have
as long as you can leave it at home this
you can't leave at home this is what's
so crazy about this how hard is it you
lazy bitch you can't pull your fucking
credit card out you you're willing to
let them put a microchip in there so you
can get a diet dr. pepper no it's my
move you can loan somebody money would
adapt at his office he's one of dozens
of employees who've been doing likewise
for a year now that's very funny imagine
that's how you give you to the man you
can't touch now because Krona who you
know that's right I couldn't baby bra
social distancing McMullen is the
president of three square market a
technology company that provides
self-service mini markets to hospitals
hotels and company break rooms last
August he became one of roughly 50
employees at its headquarters in River
Falls Wisconsin would volunteered to
have a chip injected into their hand
fucking yikes what I saw was a dude was
getting it in his forearm I was it must
be a different company so this is what's
scary is this gonna be the new norm like
what if you get fired by these people
when you get hired by Amazon you have to
put in one of their chips
you have to take out your old chip do
they sell the chip to the company we
believe this would be when you leave
give me my chip back oh my god they cut
you open but that doesn't that does not
surprise me in the least
it doesn't surprise me but it alarms me
it alarms me that people are so
interested in having someone put a chip
in their body but we a company that
tells you you have to do it their
company tells you have to do that fuck
that company but I know it but those are
people that feel that they need to feel
the need of being a part of new
technology I wanted if that's the hot
shit motherfuckers gonna have it this
was 2014 says microchips will be
implanted into healthy people sooner
than you think it's gonna happen yeah
it's gonna happen
I mean they've they called it's gonna
happen for people like I say look think
about it Joe somebody with Alzheimer's
yeah you know I'm saying they're gonna
find a smart reason if somebody is um
abducted you know I'm saying it's like
it's weird to think about it but didn't
if you really think about it it's it's
gonna be weird but it's still not
there's gonna be plenty of reasons what
I'm gonna say tell me where your chip is
people don't want to tell us that cut
your hand off this article I don't like
right here the talks about this guy
getting at oh Jesus a year later Ghassan
infected his own implant with a computer
virus one that could pass on to other
computer systems if the building's
networks were programmed to read his
chip as Gasol breezed around the
workplace spreading the virus and
corrupting computer systems certain
areas of the building became
inaccessible to his colleagues Jesus
Christ that's that's how didn't that's
how war is gonna be for Josh
yeah motherfucker don't give a fuck if
you can fight it words like this who can
hack this shit that's where the words
that it's not gonna be that physical
shit it's gonna be like you got one
motherfucker in the room yeah that could
crash some shit like that you know what
that fucking do to everybody
dude I was watching this video of this
couple that was infected and they were
being dragged out of his building by
these security guards and hazmat suits
in China you know see the police or was
that exercise or was it real
it was real yeah it was I want to say it
was a man and his wife they both tested
positive I don't remember
but they were being dragged out they've
been really dry like like picking them
up like they're likes like they're
criminals I saw some Finnish I don't
know if it was just it just I don't know
if it was just it might have just been
associated with Khurana or some other
footage about seeing some stuff where
motherfuckers like they was pulling this
one lady out and they fucking cracked
her neck next you know she's on ice
really yeah I can't remember and now you
know people are crazy on it might be
somebody like a story not related that
but they changed the headlines get a
different clickbait woman some
catastrophic starts happening and people
start dying people justify a lot of
crazy shit man and one of the things
that I bet people will justifies they'll
justify manhandling people that they
think are not complying with the rules
or people that have the virus and then
shit could get a real crazy if that
becomes normal it is gonna become normal
cuz you think about it like right now
when you have cases of people getting
frustrated somebody um is yo you inside
my bodies on my social distance and this
is when P is not even out of here joke
this in New York why is this person
getting dragged off whatever in a mask
oh it won't wear a mask so they're just
dragging them off because he's not
complying yeah yeah fucking crazy you
know worse because they're all closer
yeah this is crazy this is great but it
also was crazy that this guy doesn't
think he should wear a mask when he's on
a fucking bus crowded filled with people
while there's a pandemic disease going
on he should have a fucking mask on so
where's the where's the happy meat
middle the happy middle is not these
cops grabbing this guy and physically
yanking him off the bus and causing this
you know very violent moment I think the
thing we need to figure more important
with that is like put your mask on son
yeah he didn't have a mask maybe he just
didn't have it yeah we meaning to make
that masks available you don't want to
lose your life yeah but those people on
the bus they're probably very happy that
the cops came and pulled that guy off to
manage your mess because he's got a mask
and this guy doesn't to lose your life
from the mask yeah masks rules
everything around me there's a terrible
video of a bus driver in Chicago and he
makes this video talking about people
were on his bus just coughing and
constantly coffee with their mouths open
he's like please
he's like we're out here risking our
health to do this service and you know
you people are being completely
disrespectful well and not caring and
four days later he got it and now he's
dead so this guy he's in this video and
then a short time afterwards he's dead
for what he was talking about I've heard
so many cases in it dude imagine all of
a sudden you're but you're a bus driver
and instead of just driving a bus now
you're also worried you're gonna die
from a pandemic disease and you have to
keep going to work and being surrounded
by these people because someone has to
drive people around them they're not
giving them buses no more bro
no but was that given on bus they're not
gonna bus when does this start back up
and what is it gonna be like Don now
like what is it gonna be like when the
gears get going again
they start clink clink it's gonna be
it's gonna look like the International
Terminal for fly Korea in Japan that's
what's gonna look like motherfuckers
gonna be a mask for a while yeah I think
you're probably they're gonna be masked
up for a while how long you think a year
yeah I mean you got to being able to
test vaccine how you get rid of it you
know they're gonna teach buff us how not
to catch it okay I got it how I get rid
of it and I was watching one of those
shows on CNN with this black doctor and
she was talking about how they are close
to a vaccine or something because
they're just extending I guess certain
tests they were doing something else did
that similar trace I'm not a doctor I
don't know exactly the story but it was
a story of they did the study and a
research of it had already started so
they had already been making the vaccine
for the other stuff yeah was it's ours
it wasn't SARS it was some one of the
new Vipers I'd never heard of but it was
an interesting story because she was I
don't know it was goop or whatever the
motherfuckers what it was but on it was
a great conversation like what if
okay we had they not we had but had
realized that something like this is
about to happen
mmm because of this strand of something
this is gonna be the next Hercules shit
how do we get ahead of it maybe some
people out there that um had already
been thinking it they're gonna find
something to cure the shit well they
definitely been thinking that this could
happen cuz they're not I know it may
sound crazy certain shit is like I don't
know what has got the world so evolved
not it wasn't specific to a race or
anything just like like I just say the
streets anybody could catch it anybody
you know yeah that's the panic and
that's what that's where they're the
panic is in every community the whole
world the whole world world the whole
world covered with humans everybody's
got it
it's on every in every continent except
Antarctica I think in our cuz the only
place doesn't have cases that's what's
wild about human contact and you think
about how a disease can so quickly
spread from China just all over the
whole world and shut everything down
they said that if China was honest about
it I don't know if this is true but this
is what I was reading in more than one
different story that China could have
stopped 95% of the spread they were just
amazing and not know and they say if
Donald Trump was honest about it they
could have said in mandates for social
distancing and everything a little
earlier I think a lot of people were
real skeptical unfortunately a lot of
people were real skeptical and no one no
one anticipated it happening like this
they were giving him a hard time when he
was saying that they should stop travel
from China people call him racist now
everybody stopped travel from everywhere
yeah but they wanted a lot of people
want to call him braces for fucking
goddamn anything if he just said coffee
with no sugar wall see this is the
reason why don't want to fuck with this
motherfucker well you know it's it gets
clocked the things get cloudy right
because like what is the thing the thing
is he wants to stop travel from this
place because it diseases in this place
and then the reaction is well that's
racist to say and we should be more
sensitive and this is yeah but people
don't understand it Donald Trump don't
move off of emotions the things that he
say is that you gotta understand a
certain
a bill like this certain people don't
make decisions off of emotions and
that's what so many people get connected
and disconnected with a can and
whatever's like yeah I fuckin rooted for
him like it connected with the emotions
I didn't certain people like him and
people of that like mine which are
mostly business people they don't fuck
with emotions they only fuck with
results it's like oh I feel sorry did
you think about ID bitch I don't care
about none of that that's not how I work
but what my point o said if you gotta
give the guy a hard time about not
reacting quick enough to certain things
you also got to give him props for
shutting down traffic to places early
but nobody wants to do that because it's
a weird one because the people that
don't want to do that Joe is the ones
that have caught up in the emotion the
idea some people do not get deal with
Rio right they're really in that net on
the term that are trying to harp on the
Trump shit but Isaiah Washington you
know Isaiah Washington yes
Grey's Anatomy known him from years and
Brooklyn whatever he's a he's like like
what are you a trump supporter he's like
a loyal Trump supporter you know I mean
oh he's a he's a easy he's a supports
Trump but I've heard him say say I don't
vote for a person I vote for policies
mmm
I vote for policies and I'll give you an
example well this is a weird one Darnell
because no one had ever experienced this
before no one's doing the right thing
having experience with pandemics that
shot the whole world so when he when
anyone's doing anything right everyone's
gonna be criticized 100% but you got to
do like like what people don't like I
listened I'll watch both outlets Fox and
CNN that's confusing isn't it it's
Christmas CNN just where yeah CNN is
like a nagging girlfriend it's like oh
good shut the fuck up oh you know god
that's argue about five years ago
like oh you remember that time you
remember that
Fox be like bitch listen you know I'm
saying like you listen to if you listen
to too much CNN bruh you don't even know
what the fuck is going on with nothing
other than how much you hate this
motherfuckin used to be that way I'd
know Kenan used to be pretty straight
journalism relationship without so toxic
for both so it's so for both of them is
so I want to get you back is so like
girl let me get you back girl it's so
popeyes chicken girl you go with lemon
airs in spices girl it's so in like when
I sorted the point I make it is like but
when I listen when I listen to both cuz
you want to hear both perspectives if
you really cared you listen at both but
then when I go to Fox listen to her I at
least hear okay this is what our players
are this is what we want to do mm-hmm
this is what the plans are this is what
the president says he's gonna do this
what the government wants to do you go
on the other side all you hear is like
1,000 people more people die die die die
that's all years of numbers and dumps
you don't have no solution and then the
problem is Joe people get fucked up on
how they want your solution conveyed to
them it's like can you give it to me
slow Joe can you have Vaseline with it
or are you gonna be rough with me and
they can't take a motherfucker said
muffle just a handle rough imma get like
this right I'm gonna get my Democrat
right and I love being a Democrat until
tax season you know how close I was to
putting to make America great again
yeah well the point I'm making and I'm
proud and exempt for a lot of people I'm
a small business you know I'm a vet I'm
a veteran I served the United States Air
Force I did my time they're gonna say
how good of a airmen I was but I
committed four years of my life to this
country you know I'm saying and if
there's it is not about let's take away
to shit about but the way he made me
feel and then he said he's such a so
let's let's take away that in my
situation as a lot of people that are
I'm a small business and I'm a vet in
the things that he'd do for
type of people is easy for me to say I
could justify it if all I'm thinking
about is money and paper I could justify
yeah fucking because of that but it's
people the disconnection right now with
this election I feel is that everybody
has even they're using everybody sticks
us on emotions hmm that's all on how I
feel oh I like this guy like that guy
like this guy whatever you know this is
like this mofo was gonna come into this
election and just beat the shit out of
anybody the economy was doing well you
know I'm saying
the pond and hold my whole thing was
with anybody getting upset Joe what are
you gonna fight this motherfucker with
this time you don't have no more
fighting styles yeah well being pissed
there it's not good for anybody it's
definitely not good for him it's not
good for them but it's that's what sells
like this battle sells the barrel sells
this is a you know when all this dust
settles we're gonna re-evaluate so many
different things about our culture
because we're gonna realize how
temporary this civilization we put
together really is especially if we hit
a Great Depression after this we don't
bounce back Oh
things do get real ugly for a lot of
people you know they're gonna feel very
misled and mismanagement I don't think
that that's my personal thing that's
communication
like don't just again not a doctor
professor in India but it's more
technology involved these days there's
more of a possibility that of making
profit off for this and you know how
when you can make money off of something
how people feel about that
just like you just telling me about to
test the situation like you know it's
like do you have you had a check like
sum up I don't even know where to begin
and the reason why don't know where to
begin because ideas okay cuz what they
tell you Joe what do they tell you they
say don't come up in this motherfucking
a hospital or whatever unless you feel a
little fucked up right you know I'm
saying like everybody doesn't have the
benefits that you have you don't I mean
and this is no disrespect to anything so
what happens how do I so what they
trying to say
I gotta be sick before I go see that's
some people's reality you know some
people like this I don't go check you
don't say
but what this shit is gonna switch over
we're gonna we're gonna that's what you
but we're gonna start having a level of
confidence and that's gonna be because
we're gonna handle this shit quick but
this is what I think money we need a
certain amount of health coverage for
everybody and this is this is a perfect
example that because the more people get
sick from this the more everyone else is
gonna get sick too
the more people get anything Joe like
yeah anything like I keep saying it that
keeps saying it the thing that's gonna
enlighten everybody and understand about
this it's like I know you don't want to
get the co V but while you try not to
get Co V you stopping a lot of shit yes
you stop watch it goes back to Utah mo
diet and everything yeah and that's why
like they like and in a black community
like I was hitting hard motherfuckers
come on man like we talked about this
before
nobody was the deal with fucking reality
and it really be writing your fucking
face the reality is always our fades yo
I think of this large number of people
that live like that Darnell's just a
symptom of this crazy society now that
this has been shook up I think a lot of
people gonna reevaluate they're gonna
think about the things that are putting
them the weed you know Eddie um I
believe this the week people are gonna
get weaker in this job I think it's
something like this week people get
weaker you know and strong people get
stronger
it could happen or weak people can
figure out that what they're doing could
really end their life and that there
have been fucking up and they need to
step up and then they'll step up now
because they realize that this is all
gonna be weakened you could be weak and
smart at the same time sure there's a
lot of people like that that are really
intelligent but they don't have control
of their emotions or they don't have
that control of their discipline it's
real calm discipline is a number one
that's a big one it's a big one it's
what gets things done
it's the thing that gets things done
more consistently than anything is dis
and nobody's whatever nobody
back to our here's my sated Joe why
didn't it happen they're gonna be like
oh yes young then doc no but not too
many people say then it comes down to I
wasn't disciplined enough that's what so
fucked up about this crisis is that
there's people that were doing the right
thing they were disciplined and still
they get their livelihood taken away
from them and then they get their health
taken away from them they did the right
thing
that's what's so crazy yeah that's
that's never happened to us before and
that's what it's so it's not funny but
um that's what when it comes to a even
death you know like when somebody you
hear about somebody dying and you were
close to him or you know a story of them
or something tell you when people die
you hear this right here um oh shit we
lost a good one today like the other
days we lost those guys they were good
ones you know it's like out of all these
deaths like this one today oh we lost a
good one sometimes when someone dies
that you're like a fan of they're like
Prince or David Bowie or Bill Withers
when Bill Withers died real recently it
was like Oh live at Carnegie Hall I know
that guy was that song used me I mean
come on man great song that song you are
my friend yeah one of us has to say he's
sorry
we could never be friends again I said
some things that cost you sorrow I just
want you as my friend we're here today
and gone tomorrow none of us knows where
life will end that song man live at
Carnegie Hall and I'ma tell you thing I
dug about Bill Withers the most me being
a comedian and loving music you know I
don't know everything about music but
like if you heard his live economy our
album the transitions from one song to
the next you would appreciate if you
haven't heard of Joe the comedic timing
of it listening to the crowd you don't
say like you know what I mean like the
storytelling never it's like like his
little husk and the things he would say
was all on point he he took a craft it's
a suspense to build up to joke
and then going back to I loved it when
he introduced grandma saying he said
grandma used to go to church and it
wasn't one of them churches where you go
and you say if it's all right he said no
no no he said grandma went to one of
church where the beat started getting to
you and you get him that went to that
stove you say oh that was grandma Church
did he say I love that old lady
grandma's hands if you haven't heard
that album in a while and you know it's
classic anything about Bill Withers
people don't know the young is the
millenniums they don't know half the
songs the remakes whatever happy should
they get connected with came from him
yeah I imagine I wonder how much come on
if he was on the Lionel Richie level of
royalties or whatever but a visitor
fucking album right here
how about lean on me boom boom boom lean
song you never tell you I use that song
as the background theme for my roasting
of Charlemagne to God you know I just
want to say I have fame solved for this
motherfucker Joe yo-yo I have theme
songs some times in life I pray for him
cuz a slaughter him son why do you guys
go at it so hard I'd understand I mean
you brought it up I didn't bring it up
Joe it Alex I brought it up earlier I
brought it up a ballet signing I'll
explain the Joe Joe Joe this was a day
of frustration I'm here okay I've known
this crew for some years Joe Angela we
go back 20 years DJ envy go back 15 we
used to do hot 97 together
Charlamagne we work to MTV's guy code
together right it's all love we know
each other right and then I used to go
up there I'm up there so much because I
work at Caroline's on Broadway you know
that's what you promote it so I did it
start adjusting where they want to play
pranks on me right like oh we got a lab
you know one prank was when he comes in
no one laughs at his jokes all right
right this whimper look it's like this
one of them is like this Joe when he
comes in don't laugh at his jokes right
so I go in and I ain't trying to be
funny I'm just funny and nobody laugh or
anything and I'm like John thinking like
this I'm like I noticed I know the fixes
on my Joe Joe know you were suspicious
Joe something's wrong Joe have you ever
seen me in a room and nobody's laughing
I can't say that no okay that's pretty
much everywhere I go I'm just being
honest so no you're funny
I know I'm funny but not in that but my
energy even if I'm not funny my energy
is is good I came in they trying to play
it and I'm like oh I'm about to tear
everybody up in this room I'm like I
don't hit women but yeah I mean she was
up that right and they've like uh we
told him that - laughs am i okay little
corny Joe three or four other town there
buddy - keep doing these jokes and I'm
like stop doing the motherfucking jokes
like I know we're friends or whatever
but at the same time I do have a resume
I have done stuff I'll continue to do
stuff as much as they want to play this
is the reality of it she feels
disrespectful no it's a disrespectful
way like anything you tried to call me
not funny you see me stand up 6,500
people are ready to city musical
Charlamagne you see it out of your voice
that Donnell I went to see Radio City
Music Hall Chris Rock Dave Chappelle and
Daniel perform that night he said I love
all of them and I ain't takin away no he
said but Donnell that night was on you
saw that nigga you saw all this shit so
you trying to say you corny which is
allergic word to a black comedian you
corny like no you trying to give them
impression that I'm corny or that funny
it's just a waste of time and it don't
make sense so now that we get a little
joke stuff off now give me a real
interview you know I mean that the only
thing I say give me a real interview
okay did you does he know you feel like
this you ever talk to him off the air
yeah we talked about it but just what
I'm saying is but this is how petty he
is okay he this is the distance part
this reason why I won't stop because he
won't stop right he'll say I've
expressed myself to like this he said
that's all I claims you digger you two
sisters right so we go back faster okay
fucking let's go back and like we've had
the conversation but what I realize Joe
is that it doesn't matter what I say
he's never going to give it you know
he's never gonna do it so what I have to
do is continue to destroy him on the
level that I need to destroy him in the
means I'm ruthless I've seen them and
people are like I thought it was inside
fun joke though I didn't know it was so
serious
no it's serious and it's funny okay Joe
everything is always underlining
everything's is always thought that
underlie it's like no we're cool but so
that's never you never feel comfortable
killing I like him and the reason oh I
like we have fun together I have said to
him you know why I said I know why you
think you're a sex symbol and you look
good I said because I was in south
Kalani this weekend right
and I say you are the best looking
person is South Gladys you should feel
like a king we fuck with each other like
that but also know his ready your
background I'll never take this away
from this is where we differ
he's ready your background is coming
from South clan you know how it is
getting ready a break going from mark
like South Carolina to New York New York
is the number one radio market period
you go from that from a PA or intern
whatever entry-level position here you
go from that and you build and you
grinding you a country motherfucker you
a country motherfucker and you can now
you're Charlemagne a god he works hard
and he doesn't watch cast with Andrew
Schultz - yeah they do
what does that brilliant idiot he does a
very good and I'm a person of this two
of them together they are they great I'm
a person like this Joe if you doing it I
can't hate on that you're doing it you
do a really good job at you you don't
night and all that type of shit I
respect that but it stopped with the
same clan
you can't clown me you can't clown me
I'm not a you you can't clown me you're
giving people asses for Christmas
presents given people acids you didn't
notice Joe no but I'll make ounces Joe
you didn't notice I didn't notice what
the fuck you doing man just busy doing
other stuff oh yeah we went through this
yeah we went through this with spit 62
I'm sorry this is different like giving
me no fake ass I'll say good now you
okay can i play into scenario before you
see this video okay right and I'm not
trying to say anybody's gay but
sometimes people are real comfortable
comfortable real comfortable okay if
Jamie were to come in here like this and
be like Oh Joe good to see you man I
haven't seen since Holly I got a gift
for you you'd be like Jamie that's nice
you open the box he open a box and you
open it and then as Jamie gave you this
as a gift okay here we go
open it let's see what is this no this
is friends is that a rubber ass what is
that
look Joe oh we made a mold of his ass
right okay that's funny that it's kind
of funny
yeah how long for a little bit how long
he goes to put his finger in the booty
hole hmm well you know you do what you
gotta do you wanna get what the fuck are
you talking about man I don't care
really no okay all right all right
you're comfortable you would be
comfortable black ash black ass well
what the fuck maybe this is the wrong
show so is it would you design an exact
mold or you just like your my pick see
that's important see see Joe like you
would study that here it is you know
that that's what they did I guess what
Joe and this is what I try to sell you
really appreciate it that's white boy
humor right there
you love that Joe it's not my feeling
you saw my favorite that's a fun thing
but that's
you can respect be like dude a teabag -
my whole life I have never done that but
exactly in route um okay and no one
likes it like that anyway with porn
stars man they they get paid to get like
molds of their body and then do so
you're trying to say Charlemagne is a
porn star that's how they make those no
reason why there's a hole okay Joe I
don't know how the fuck they made that
one but don't bring it to my interview
and don't keep put it in my fucking face
is that say no just think about this why
is there a hole here if it's a mold of
your ass the only reason why there's a
hole is they put it there they put a
place we can stick something in a Joe
thing and the words like I'm making Joe
is that that's not what you give your
man's I understand no I know you're
gonna know how to break it down the hole
else in the aim I wouldn't do that type
shit and then would you be sketchy of a
guy and then what are they gonna fill it
up with cream what is that they're
polish and that lotion look look that's
DJ envy he got a family joke he's got a
family job no he's got a family and a
dope son this bit like Jim he's a great
father
he's got any family there go for it once
you got the party rolling your finger in
a rubber ball one now I'm man I'm not
I'm not mad I'm not mad so you don't you
don't
okay now okay I wouldn't want that so I
wouldn't here's the thing I would want
to give me that I wouldn't want to be
there I wouldn't want to have to deal
with it when I don't want to be around
to talking motherfuckers I don't want to
be fingering it know I don't know down
now you go and understand him up I
understand the point I'm making is that
I know that's your thing the booty stuff
a little you guys have fun you know like
y'all have fun doing I'm not of that
place or space you're not into finger
and rubber butts none of the people on
camera and then they went backward
fourth son they went back and forth they
keep doing the corny jokes and the last
time I went up here
I knew I renewed a is gonna do this
gonna try to do it Joe you know those
horns they take to soccer matches
yeah I went to the breakfast club with a
bag full of the motherfuckers and every
time he says I've dragged an idea hey
Jesus I shut him down he couldn't talk
right then I'm shaking it like I'm like
this I got the muffin like just to free
on his fries in my hand like I'm saying
and they're my shit went dead
then he said yeah my fuckin you ain't
got no more spray I went right in my bag
Joe and I got another clip I knew you
would like that part more than anything
I clipped up on his ass I was using
windage you know what windage is on a
gun right mm-hmm
and I toss up and I'm smoking them then
they still want to do the jokes they
still want to do the jokes didn't like
this Joe they won't stop Joe these
niggas won't stop Joe they still won't
stop right these motherfuckers won't
stop I'll tell you Joe so nanny like oh
yeah your interview is over we're gonna
leave guys they get up and leave you
there and leave me there that's a joke
would you take over the radio show Joe
and I would imagine it was about to go
down they say we leave I was like the
fuck out of here Angela Yee that's my
girl yeast stayed Angela Yee said they
said you go on Angela gianormous day
they left the room me and aunt Lee in
here now they interview I kind of wanted
them to give me the series interview
whatever me and Angela clicked right
into two sirs interview - muffled yeah
hey what are you doing I'm like no nigga
y'all gon go
can I keep on fucking with me Joe you
know I'm citizen of Joe you'd know I'm
citizen of Joe look on your face that
keep I'm fuckin me down it's gonna be
like Tiger King I ain't going to jail
fuck with the motherfuckers I can tell
you that shit is not gonna be but now
it's like it's fun every time I got an
opportunity it's so much fun
let me show you I gotta just show you
this is I have an arsenal I have an
arsenal of shit son hold on bearded
humor be making these joints look hold
on hold on be released humor yeah that's
my guy look at these headline here he's
so dope
looking at you did you know this story
justice Millette allegedly had sex with
his attacker at Chicago bathhouse and
then it's him
and it's Jesse and who else that looks
like you Photoshop Charlemagne's
Photoshop Charlemagne shit that was him
signs the same that's a terrible
Photoshop that's not a hat on you got
the message
you got the business that's the type of
venom I'll continue to be thinking
that's funny
he does that's hilarious okay you not
how could you know cuz I'm yeah but I
will say people acts in a thing about
everywhere I go people like Yoda
breakfast go baby fucking with you son
they be fucking what you sign so I just
want you think there's a way to do a
show like within the next month where
are you gonna just everybody are you no
no no I mean all your comedy show
because the last time you said you was
gonna and I'm not I'm the last time you
said you mean podcast yeah last time you
said no let that's not what you said Joe
no no what you tried to force me into
doing was I don't do anything I feel
like he did Jamie did not force him into
anything Jamie I know I'm not saying I'm
not trying it's just but I can't blow
this bottle but you you said I didn't
force you say you was producing the
first episode I would do it I said I
producer and Jamie was not excited about
it all he wouldn't even take the shit
off my phone but Jamie was doing
something with you right no he didn't it
wasn't he didn't do it on was the issue
I was trying to I was trying to
bluetooth I was trying to UM airdrop the
episode that did in the car so Jamie was
producing it so he said it but you know
he started not taking my calls also is
that what happens off the ground that's
why I can't take this you put it up for
him you uploaded it know it we got he
sent me the video and then we got the
video and then a whole bunch of stuff
happened that day like including the
podcast at the res no we were supposed
to get a song from Rosa what you got I
think right yeah he never said it to me
de beat how was I supposed to put it on
that video I didn't know you was well
so right we we felt like this was going
to be more work than we anticipated I
knew it I knew it I knew its Jamie they
want to do its dad I mean they've that
kind of stuff where he's got a life
figure out how to put the bead on the
you know if I don't know why you guys
didn't communicate properly we did
community wasn't legal with me jo-jo he
wasn't fucking with me Joe when I walked
to the scene is very he always responds
what happened Jamie okay I don't want to
say it on air oh that's awesome remind
you guys off air no when I went over
there Jamie started breathing hard when
I went over he was like he was going
this is what you said Jamie I'm telling
yourself you looked at a little depth a
little scroll ah you do like this your
eyes blink bro utilities you said it's
not it it's gonna take too long alright
here's what happened bring it again okay
in the middle of we had we'd finished
your podcast and we've started the next
one with RZA I have to do stuff in the
middle of doing two podcast that's what
I didn't know during that you came up to
me and started not making me but asking
me to help you write I had to get the
next podcast ready and I had no idea at
the same time you were I was trying to
communicate with you how to use airdrop
and you weren't on the Wi-Fi we're on
the Bluetooth and that's the best way to
get the video to me we were trying to
figure out if you could do that or a
drop off so Jamie you didn't hear me say
this you didn't hear me say this Jamie
this part of the story you didn't hear
me say this Jamie Jamie I don't want to
upset you what do I need to do to make
this dis situation easier for you I
never said that we got we got that part
figured out though yeah but that was the
first thing but see I didn't know the
urgency of I must here comes my
narcissistic attitude I was assault I
was thinking about me and I didn't think
about you had another show so you were
whining right for I contacted Jamie and
Jamie told me that you got somebody else
to do with that like who david's opening
aria yeah I did it because somebody
wouldn't answer my fucking phone call
doesn't mean i okay
alright it got done but here's the thing
and like you I'm happy you're up and
running that's what I'm saying like I
could never be bad at that situation
because that was the kick in the ass for
me to do it you know I'm saying it like
the fact that like that day and
it was it was the birth of it you know
I'm saying like that day was so special
to me
you know I mean I didn't want to be at
the Rizal Park as I told you I was like
I just got the flight haven't seen my
son in a while right I said I was like
fuck he was like a wizard
I was like yeah nigga I said yeah I
scored you bigger I said yeah nigga but
my son I see my son I got a red eye
right I remember that and I was like
right before before I was gonna leave
you X Mickey you say you sure I was like
nigga go see my son right
I love wu-tang but I gotta see my son
and I walk out the door I'm about to
leave I'm dipping in the car
fucking RZA pull up and the first thing
he said was what's up and she Larry you
funny motherfucker hey Joe I said man
fuck my son nigger that's the RZA would
take forever mice I don't even look like
me nigga I'm good they got to get your
up the shit out of this that's what
happened so if it was if I was out of
pocket i'ma tell you cuz I would not I
would've never been on ocean like you
better do this I was naked
anybody America to kill you understand
Joe Rogan and Jamie say they're gonna
produce my first podcast RZA come
through the fucking door saying I'm
gonna give you a track that's a lot of
things that happening today that's a
lifetime motherfucker Joe Rogan just
adores my shit Jamie said that visit
came in bong bong trying to be a
comedian and he says he's gonna give me
a beat I was like man when we went to
that podcast I was on fucking cloud nine
bro when you do your podcast what are
you doing it twice a week how many days
a week I do it it all depends like twice
twice I do one one some time I do too
some time I do one it all depends I have
feel but I think I can feel like doing
yeah nice yeah yeah I love it
I'm telling you I'm whenever you feel it
man Joe i'ma tell you something
from that day I will be forever grateful
for that conversation you know because
it put me on a path of like like
everybody everybody to start this
business they want to be you they want
to be you and they start they don't look
at the steps Joe they don't look at the
steps the only thing they see is you now
you got some loyal fans but
when it comes to being somebody being
introduced to the game or whatever
you're the Grail you're like I want a
nigga you can't just do that
motherfucker you gotta fight for that
shit you gotta go through whole bunch it
you can't do that but what you could say
it's like I want to have the work ethics
of that motherfucker half don't know
that's everything that's f cking doing
it and I've done if you you keep doing
that you get better at it
that's when I started when I was stretch
you said I was sensitive because I
didn't know that
I'm not in control of the podcast world
I'm a control of a stage yeah if I'm
gonna stage nigga you come at me i'ma
tell us up
you coming me with the trollese shit or
whatever I don't know I'm not an act
this some new shit and then as I'm when
I first started doing it I never
promised anything anything or anybody
crazy I was like it's gonna evolve and
even the people that I'm working when I
said listen man it's a learning process
I said but every week we got to grow
every we got to be some difference if
wheats about sounds kind of shaky the
week before next week we can't have that
sound issue of course we're gonna make
mistakes but we can't repeat the same
mistake that's when it gets to be a
nuisance let's grow let's grow in terms
of the mic the posters everything yeah
it looks like everything else man just
more more you think about it more you
can improve it the more you think about
what you did that maybe you could have
done better
it's it's not ever done like I'll have a
bad podcast to this day sometimes it
just doesn't click or I'm off or my
brains not firing that good it's gonna
happen the way around it but if they did
you know tuning to find out well they
they kind of could tell if someone
listens to you for so many hours they
kind of get it it's just like there's
some days like any other human being
there's some days like physically you
don't feel as good as you feel other
days you warm your run down your brain
doesn't work that way or well that
rather that way either when your run
down your brain doesn't work well it's
like sometimes I'm just not as sharp or
sloppy or maybe I'm not as enthusiastic
as I should be maybe not tuned in as
much like it's all about being tuned in
man I did I've had some and it's just so
funny said because every time I've done
an episode right I'm like this you know
when I get offstage
I know when I ripped yeah oh yeah I'll
do a podcast and I'm like
unlike did anybody scorecard right I'd
like like I like this job like yeah not
you know how to muffle like this and you
like this like yeah deal like oh yeah
and but for some reason those moments
I'm like oh I don't know because it's
hard I can't be critical of myself when
I'm talking it's hard man you know I got
a I can't think
but the times I thought was gonna be
like whatever was some of the best it
felt good man it felt really good
and this should feel good from nobody
everybody talk about you run a razor
pocket that mother forgave me for beets
bro and I didn't cut this beat up into
all type of shit so I got commercials
I got a sass I got the remix this one
fucking beat is so dope this is the
thing with him and DJ premier yeah I was
I was in and out of it how interesting
is that
it's like it's a great way to like make
something out of all this but you know
what Joe I'm glad you brought that up
right because that's the new thing
everything is the vs. thing now Joe
right the battle mm-hmm and did people
like even with that what people were
like this
they said on who won and in the better
like that everybody won everybody won
everybody won
you also people won because you're
watching it while it's happening and
these guys are having a good time
knowing that all these people are
getting into it online and it's all
going down on your phone so it's all
everything is this completely new thing
from top to bottom the quarantine is
completely new the fact that RZA and DJ
Premier dude I'm a huge gangster fan of
y'all gang star from a long time ago
that's like real rap and that's what was
so dope about this and this is the point
that I was trying to make on the RZA
joint I was talking about like one of
the things that I'm impressed about RZA
and I know people's like just you didn't
leverage RZA talk whatever but I felt
like my father's say the same same shit
same same shit I know it's his voice to
say it but I'm like anything else that
we do we know about risen and I'm more
impressed on being able to create a
group as iconic as wu-tang is that's it
and be able to say you know what nice
it was the strife or anything's like I'm
a bad motherfucker I can flip John Rose
I can do whatever
i'ma show another white writing style so
that's one of the things that I
personally respected about him and his
journey they built one of the most
iconic bands and all of music did or
what did you tell me fish or some shit
no fish is a copy the Grateful Dead they
would have to say that abandon and tour
forever yeah forever there's some but
there's something about them it's like
what they stand for is strong you know
that expression that the sum is greater
than its parts so like you counted up
all them together together they just so
original too and you know and ODB when
ODB went big that was a part of their
master plan though right well Oh Debbie
yeah when he was when he was doing that
baby I got your money song come on man
today when you hear that song that's one
of my all-time favorite songs that's a
happy song but it's and he was like you
know ODB was ODB yeah like when I'm the
only thing that I liked about what your
fans say it said that nickname they gave
me because they was giving me 110 names
at this shit right they called me the
old dirty interrupter right and I was
like this I had to give a thumbs up on
that word said they called me the old
dirty interrupting and that's yeah and
the thing about it was that shit the
dirty interrupted it blew up so much RZA
hit us up but they were doing a 25-year
loud in every yet loud I'm loud 25-year
loud record anniversary at Radio City
Music Hall
wu-tang KO punch groups right and a
resident reached out to us and he wanted
us to do a video to introduce to wu-tang
on stage man dave was a we were me and
Dave where we were touring we were
somewhere
and we did a video and they played it
ready to the music hall and NVIDIA was
like yo Dave is like yo what's up Radio
City Music Hall did you see me company
let me see
did you ever see it no oh man it was a
great ass moment man and as much as
people want to shit on me about he
ruined the podcast just and I know most
of it was the energy Dave had but that
little connection came I was like you
motherfuckers didn't woke up a beast
you know you ever be so mad Joe it make
you go do something win man I have seen
this video I have seen it yeah it's like
a selfie camera yes a selfie camera yeah
okay yeah yeah that's right you know and
even like that
while the concert was going on and then
he was like man it was you know that I
know it probably didn't even make page
six or whatever but it was like to know
that that is a part of my life you know
I'm saying those relationships it was
it's just fucking dope man like RZA gave
me a beat come on man that's pretty
impressive yo but yo RZA gave me a beat
shout out to my whole crew Julius and
that's what you use for the podcast
opener right yeah but it's like that in
shows I did like Cole opens but and I
don't want to be like overly producing
anything but I've established something
with the intros where they I think
people kind of look forward to like how
does the play not knowing what you know
yeah for sure it's just that you're just
able to express yourself so easily there
when you do something like that where no
one has any input it's just you to them
it's like you're basically doing a lot
of what you do when you do radio shows
anyway you just do it to the whole world
yeah yeah it's just you rant for the
whole world and you don't know the
hardest part is like you don't know
they're listening yet you got a win
that's true you got a way for the
responsible stage you knew that shit was
whack or not yeah it's just a different
thing but it's like everything to focus
on it's been fun it's been so dope and
now and it's like with with the co v90
and everything is like
I really have time to put into and I'm
having I'm really I'm really having fun
doing it it's fun that's beautiful man
it's it is all about finding something
to occupy your time that you enjoy
that's a big part of what life's all
about but I'm hoping this does too for
people once the dust settles and the
economy starts to bounce back I'm hoping
people when they go forward they're
gonna make choices based on what they
want to do what they really wanted what
they really are excited by what they're
gonna enjoy not on what they think is
the same so the safest option long-term
they have to now because they feel
what's important yeah they have to they
filling it so it's like what do we do
what do we do what do we do we do
why is that what do I do when you're
doing impression of me why do you say
what do you what do we do because every
not all the time but we know I don't
what do we do but it's not just what do
we do it's like a movement what do we do
what do we do what do we do what do we
do and why are you what are we doing
you're telling us what what we need to
do but you still say what do we what do
we do
cuz I'm never sure but you don't you
sound like and that's do you sound like
you write about everything you don't
know to me motherfuckers that sound like
that I definitely don't sound like I'm
right about everything I'm wrong about a
lot of shit but I'm right about what you
don't sound like it I'm right about what
I think and that I know this is how i
think i'm cure in my intention
i'm not always correct what do we do
what do we do what do we do what do we
do with intention joy what do we do it
attention what do we do we'll ignore it
do we ignore it what do we do
don't get sucked in your phone baby
don't get some comments don't do it it's
just time you can never get back that's
important it's time we can never get
back
you're too creative you're doing too
much good shit doing too much funny shit
that bit that you posted up on the
Instagram the other day I love that bit
without how women love text messages cuz
there's no way you would ever let them
say that many words to your face no you
would not do it by first paragraph it's
like not today bitch not today you go
save just for somebody else yeah when
they're giving you this fucking one two
three four five six pages jeez how many
text messages to come
are we reading to each other here and
then sorry but they all stopped up did
you hit K in here fucking losers oh is
that so passive-aggressive you don't
evoke a cake just it's like I don't want
to hear anything it's like please it's
like it's like a please you can kind of
get away with K you can kind of get away
with okay but if you're right like you
know some people write a bunch of Ches
like if you do that that's like you're
like dismissing them right like okay
okay okay
but you can never stop at three Ches no
you just like that message now instead
of hitting K even if you just liked it
yeah until that girl back is that God's
weird man girls get upset at that yeah I
feel like girls wanna they want you to
write it back okay sounds good thank you
bye
they want you to say it back Jamie nah
man they just fucking like their thing
because what if they have Android it
says it it's a text message to them that
says you like this mess where's the
fucking confusing thumbs up because I
don't have no middle options that's how
they keep us divided ya Edwards is right
Android and Apple that's how they keep
us divided that's the separation is
that's so real man yeah
can't even air-dropped me good weed
right
that shit was I never had that speed
weed so this is all speed weeds blunts
they're called loaded shout out to my
man Gino you know they got that belt I
think he's always got the belt he has a
literally a bandolier like Clint
Eastwood in old western wear this these
cartridges of once all around him
yeah ma'am hilarious you gonna keep that
on in less than half an hour we're gonna
find out whether or not you got the co
vid con Rona
I wish we've done it before no well let
everybody know I feel you feel good I
feel great that's the thing of that's
the thing did like that's the thing is
gonna freak motherfuckers out like a
motherfucker could feel great and not be
great you don't know yes you know that's
what's scary about this disease is more
than any other one
how many people test positive but don't
experience any symptoms and then other
people just die it's like it is
confusing for folks I think they said
there's some the number was between 50
and 70 percent right they they test
positive they've come in contact with
the virus they have no symptoms at all
when do you think we're gonna get back
to normal
I don't think again Joe is never gonna
be another normal at this is it now yeah
this is it I just think that um people
going to build a different magic if you
graduate in high school and this is what
happens is the world you looking forward
to motherfucker right when I get out or
another thing you can think of like I
was talking with my buddies and I'm I've
been having a really good time with my
son making stuff he said man I know this
may sound crazy but just Corona shit he
said you and your son don't look back
one day you're gonna be like hey Dad
remember when we made that I'm slingshot
doing it when a Corona was out yeah you
know I'm saying it's like and it's like
you know the memories are gonna beat it
all type of ways yeah you're building
memories that you wouldn't have
ordinarily built yep as long as you're
alive and as long as you're healthy it's
just it's I think the positive side of
this you can always look at the negative
side but the positive side is look how
many people are complying look how many
people are doing the right thing right
that's a lot of people and they're doing
the right thing because they care about
their loved one but didn't really they
care about your loved ones and people
aren't complaining as much people not
day like I mean some people are hurt and
financially a lot of people losing their
businesses they're hurting but the
amount of stripe Hill the amount that
you see in the streets as far as like
riots and protests it's non-existent
people are understanding we're all
fucked this is like we didn't see it
coming
we all got a deal I just hope this makes
people realize that all that pull them
up by their bootstraps stuff like people
love to think that that's how people
should be you know you should just pull
yourself up by your bootstraps go out
there and fucking make something for
yourself that's all true you definitely
should go out there and try to
accomplish some goals
there's gonna be times in our lives as a
community where some shit goes down and
it's not anybody's fault but they need
help and that's when we have to evaluate
what our taxes go to because if our
taxes don't go to some form of excellent
very accessible health care and making
that more widespread then you're
basically saying you don't really care
about people's health and their survival
as much as you care about money
now we're gonna commit to that kind of a
culture after something like this
well we're insane we're not learning
anything we should learn something from
this and what we can learn from this is
like we could we were not prepared
whether it's through hospital beds
I see use ventilators social distancing
protocols whatever the fuck it was we
weren't prepared for something like this
but now that we are we should all go hey
yeah you know what man
no one should not have the money to pay
for treatment for this so what do we do
what do we do Joe what are we doing what
do we change the way we look at our
services it sounds like you said we've
got a change thinking period change
thinking but also change what what our
money should go to our money's got to go
to that it's got to go to that but
that's very important for everybody when
people get sick it spreads to all of us
now we also we don't want ever to know
anyone that you love that's gonna die
because they can't get health care
that's available for people that have
money that we got to stop that just like
we stopped with fire department fire
because fire department goes to a house
when it's on fire because not just to
that house they don't want to spread
through the whole city let go well
that's the same thing with health care
if someone's really sick they don't help
you and you got coronavirus you spread
it to everybody else right you don't get
the health care so it and you you're
contagious it's almost like a fire in a
lot of ways it's like a viral fire but
aren't we living in a system where
everybody is qualified to have health
care we should be we should so what is
it what is covered California what the
fuck is that all about I don't know man
I don't I mean if you think about how
much money gets spent on things right
whether it's computers whether it's cars
whether it's how
whether it's with other things that
people buy how much of a percentage of
that if you could escalate it just a
little bit and all of that money goes
into just health care not just taxes
where no one's accountable you don't
know where the fuck it's gonna go
what if everybody's dollar cost a dollar
five just an added five cents for most
things you buy up to a certain point and
all that money goes straight to health
care
wouldn't you be willing to pay instead
of a dollar a dollar five for something
if you knew that five cents is gonna go
towards health care that's you know what
as a busy person deficit may mean a lot
to me as a business you're right
it might that's what I said that's it
that might be four I can't know I look
at know that darlin darlin five that's
the only five cents now if you talk
about that being billions and millions
then optimize it up to a certain point
to a certain amount of money but I mean
after why yeah it seems like it would be
better for everybody and it would be
better for us to not worry about what
happens if you get sick because you
don't know if you're gonna be able to
pay for it sometimes people get hit with
crazy medical bills after their you know
an unexpected injury all right
unexpected disease time in the hospital
they got a huge bill they can't fucking
pay it's real common that we don't know
favorite because of that kind of shit
and if you're entitle you got to go get
it
so just man this whole Covey's shit is
so just only know that's the word yeah
you go back and forth with it but I
think that if if nother thing we can do
is like we must agree there's no there's
no going back to normal
well not until they come up the vaccine
and then even normal then it's gonna be
normal that we realize that this
happened it might I say vaccine I'm not
a pro it's not that I'm saying we gotta
take the first vaccine that comes down
though don't worry about the microchip
not let's not get crazy
I'm saying a treatment medicine
something that cures your can disease
just like they've cured every other
disease they're just like just like
they've come up with treatments for
polio or smallpox or all the other
fucking disease leave it to the medical
scientists please leave it to these
people that study this shit they're
gonna try to figure something out once
they do whatever it is
if they can once they do then I hope we
ease back into what would it but life
used to be like but with an added
knowing and so this shit can go down
right buddy to there till then the mask
do you nervous be nervous about the
future
oh good beautiful me you definitely got
the best you with the mask on so take
that off I know I gotta to 20 minutes in
20 minutes you gonna get tested alright
excited I'm super psyched I'm telling
you just like this when you think about
it's like you don't even know what
motherfucker did know about fucker they
got a test yeah you know I'm saying it's
like and I know that that's that's
definitely the direction we're going in
because I own the news I've been seeing
I'm like testing stations testing
stations but I don't know if everybody
knows what's the system and then for
what I hear on a news whatever don't go
to the hospital don't go but I guess
going to Aspen and testing is different
don't do this unless you fill in
symptoms of feeling bad you know Sam
yeah I read this one article this doctor
was telling people there's so many
people that come that don't have it but
then they go to the hospital in the
waiting room and then they get it in
there it's like if you you know there's
people that have the flu and they don't
have coronavirus but then they go and
then they get the corona virus at the
hospital while they're waiting around to
find out if they got corona virus which
I have a broken leg Dane trying to go to
the hospital right now
I know it's my friends he was I'm not
going to hospital for a year I was like
really here let's do one of my friends
is in the hospital and somebody told me
husband's I may have fuck that my leg
would be broke fuck that god dammit
we're gonna get there Joe I think we're
gonna get there I think I think we're
gonna figure this out you know it's
gonna be a tragedy for a lot of us it's
going to be bad for business it's gonna
be bad for restaurants and comedy clubs
and everything else but at the end I
think we're gonna emerge with a better
understanding of the temporary nature of
life of our society and hopefully we'll
be
cool to each other that's that's what
I'm hoping like when when I said I was
into Bernie Sanders
what I'm into is someone that wants to
look out for people that aren't doing as
well and that that this is something
that we should you don't think a Biden
dodo you don't fuck goodbye guess what
the streets say they say you don't fuck
with Biden it's only somebody say ask
him about Biden son I didn't know if he
was fucking Biden they're not I think
he's in some sort of state of cognitive
decline and it's not my opinion it's a
very common opinion it's not just my
opinion it's you see watch videos of me
stammering there's no one he's tall
about and they're trying to ignore it
and they would never ignore it if it was
anybody else that they didn't agree with
they didn't enjoy and you watch the the
fact that they're not concerned that
these people that are on these left-wing
media shows aren't talking about this
and about how important this is and the
only people that are talking about it
are people that are on these internet
politics shows they just want to win
they're worried about some important
things worried about the Supreme Court
they worried about environmental laws
you know he's laxed a lot of
environmental laws that they feel they
should never be relaxed and then going
into the second term he's gonna do even
more crazy shit you know there was
something that just came out today JMU
see if he could find that it was
lowering the the was for certain toxins
to get released into the environment and
mercury lowering the standards so it was
a some huge issue with see if you could
find it
it was something it was something about
lowering the standards for mercury and
other toxins to get released I think
from factories which is like whoa what
are we you know if that's what we're
doing are we really gonna separate
separate that was Biden's platform oh
this is Trump this is Trump this is the
Trump administration the current
administration did this and what does it
say it's behind the Washington Post
paywall but it says here's my change
rule for rule cutting mercury pollution
misses February 17th it wasn't like oh
no this is a new article that was out
just yesterday that I was reading that
was talking about lowering the standards
it was talking about in the middle of
this coronavirus lockdown
they're lowering the standards for
mercury and some other toxins if that's
aI don't know standards up I didn't know
three hours
EPA gutting rule credited with coal
plant toxic air clean up yeah see fuck
that wasn't that black doodoo man-eating
catfish to female on snapchat to me go
on getting robbed live look at this EPA
shit go back to that hold on okay sorry
EPA no no just let me read the the title
they gutted the rule credited with coal
plant toxic air cleaner clean up how the
fuck did Ava sell that to anybody
hey I got an idea you know that shit
that we did that would cause the earth
to be healthier yeah fuck that right
let's go back let's go back to burning
mercury okay Bhama era rule the Trump
administration is gutting an Obama arrow
rule that compelled coal plants to cut
back emissions of mercury and other
human health hazards limiting future
regulation of air pollutants by
petroleum and coal plants that's just
crazy yeah that anybody would say yes to
that anybody would say yeah that's one
thing that we get to see is our impact
on the environment right now because if
you look around at the the pictures of
Los Angeles from just two months ago
versus now in terms of how much smog is
there that's a wake-up call I want to
know what the blacki I did man you
catfished someone and robbed them that's
what I mean how did he get away with it
Joe he didn't that's why his pictures in
the newspaper all right I didn't mean to
interrupt but I was just I gotta say the
black dude I know you were doing APA I
was like what the fuck did he do stupid
Florida Florida goddamn Florida we're
done out so it looks like we're supposed
to do those dates and September now
really yeah yeah it's supposed to be
September 4th and 5th I saw that but you
know what right now this hasn't hit it
because the dates that I had in my book
I'm just right now I've been lucky
enough right now to keep him on my
calendar and just move them move them
yeah so it looks like we're hoping we
move them right yeah the next time you
really feel comfortable thinking it's
okay it's probably like fall
he was that thing that I said about um
the Spanish flu is that true cuz we
couldn't find a meme it wasn't on
Charlemagne's page was on someone else
yeah that all that other shit was on
shuttle mean page the one about spending
it yeah I just wanted to know if that
was true so the idea was that they were
they they were tired they were
celebrating the war and they were they
broke the public distancing so today
they had this in 1918 and then it start
the second phase and what with a meme
that I read said that it killed the
second phase of the flu killed more
people than the war did worldwide I'm
flu story doubt man I'm too you know
once we go back oh my god nothing jokes
Korona jokes again quarantine they got
to do a flip you gotta do something
different this gate it's gonna be so
hard if you go on stage after three
dudes they're all gonna talk about the
corona virus no don't talk about the
corona van but then how can you not talk
about the grover I don't think the way I
want to fight but you know I'm saying
like my gets first crack because he
almost died
yeah we should probably give them a
moratorium and I we don't know I got
that we're gonna find out in 12 minutes
I gotta go to bathroom go ahead let's
wrap it up let's wrap it up
do we would you clients in its I don't
know if it was exactly the way it was
explaining to me I'll just leave it at
that okay close enough and I understand
bladders Donnell thank you sir always a
pleasure my friend man what are we gonna
do what no what are we gonna do I love
you man I love you too brother
I love you thank you I love you too
Jamie I love you fuckers out positive
element listen to my podcast led to the
Donna wrong show yeah yes by everybody
all right oh man with a corona bitch yet
oh she's here any second